Courtesy of VivaanDaGr8


Part 1

       
       I sprinted through the trees and bushes surrounding me. Little twigs and leaves snapped against my skin as I ran. With my heart pounding harder and harder in my chest, I pushed my legs further than ever before. 
       I could hear them behind me, getting closer as I ran. The Adrenaline in my veins encouraged my body  to go faster, farther, longer. I had a good head start, they won't catch me this time.
        Just as my leg muscles felt as though they were about to explode, I saw the corner of the Pack house. I was almost there. I quickly decided to use my last bit of energy to make it to the house, or at least in front of it. 
        Suddenly, two large wolves flew past me. 
       "Dammit." I growled out in frustration as I slowed down to a  jog.
        The two wolves quickly shifted back into their human forms. They began to cheer as they dressed on the front lawn of the house.
        "Haha! Yes! Once again, the female human loses to the mighty Alpha male wolf!" yelled Jack, with his arms in the air.
         His twin brother, Leo, smiled at me kindly. "Hey, that was fast though. For a second, I thought you had us beat."
          I stopped near them and began stretching out my tired legs. "Yeah yeah, whatever." I mumbled.
          The three of us stretched out and teased each other, and then began heading to the house after our long morning run.
          "Hey, me and Lila are doing another run later tonight, if you guys wanna join." Offered Leo.
           Jack smirked at his twin, "A 'run'? Is that what the kiddos call it nowadays?"
Jack and I laughed and ran as Leo tried to grab him.
          Me, Jack, and Leo had always been together. Sometimes it felt as though I was their long lost sister or something. We three were so close and had such a strong bond, that we always called one another family. I called these boy my brothers. After all, their family had raised me.
         Eight years ago, I was found just on the edge of Blackwater's territory. Alone, muddy, hungry. It was the classic little-girl-got-lost-in-the-woods situation. 
         Except, we never found where I came from. We never found my family. All we really know, is that something horrible had happened.
         People have told me about the day like it's an old legend. I don't remember any of it. But I know the story. When I was found, everyone had tried to help. Pack member, after pack member asked me questions. "Honey, what's wrong?" "Why are you here?" "Which way did you come from?".
          I wouldn't speak, not clearly. All I would say was my age, and eventually my name, over and over again like a confused chant.
         "I'm ten. I'm ten years old." 
          I guess it was a pretty happy story actually. I found a new home. I was rescued by Blackwater, in a way. Even now, eight years later, I have no recollection of my life before that day. Nothing. Nada. I just remember growing up here, with Leo, Jack, and all the other wolves.
          Pack doctors have guessed that because of the trauma, I had subconsciously blocked out the horrid memories of what really happened that day. Apparently, when facing a traumatic event, the brain can store the memories of the situation far deep within itself. Unaccessible almost, as a way to protect itself from the trauma. But elders found it strange that no memories of my life before the mysterious dark event, had ever returned after time. It was as though my mind had been completely wiped clean.
          They knew something horrible had happened to me due to my appearance and shaken state. I had clearly been in the wilderness for a while. I hadn't eaten and it showed. But worst of all, was that I covered in endless little splatters and smears of blood. On my torso, legs, feet, you name it. 
           And let's not forget the mental aspect. I wasn't really speaking in full sentences. Jumpy, kept repeating my age, and so on. Just endless little details that showed I had just been through hell and back. Twice.
            But I was lucky. Because I stumbled into Blackwater territory. And they quickly accepted me as one of their own.
           It was rare for a Werewolf pack to take in a human, but the group decided oversee my recovery. After all, I was alone. And the closest human civilization was over 45 miles away. The odds of me coming from that area were slim, but the Blackwater Alpha checked in with local police stations. No reports of a missing child, and no reports of any type of accident in the woods or surrounding areas. There was nothing, no evidence of wherever I had come from.
           So after a few weeks of being cared for and slowly introduced, I began to open up to the pack. I spoke more. Smiled and ate. The Alpha, Alpha Aiden, searched for 3 years for my home. Despite the lack of any tips on my identity from the human world, He still sent out search parties multiple times a year, investigating both old and new missing child cases. He'd also personally interview me every few months in hopes of my memories resurfacing. But they never did.
          No one was sad to end the searches. I had already been adopted into the pack. I had already bonded with Blackwater.
          That day was happy, at least for me. Not that I remember it very well. But from that moment on, it's as if my life began. Everyone cared for me, and the entire pack was my mother.
          That day women pulled twigs from my hair, some of the men brought in food and blankets. Children eagerly watched on from around the corner. It was exciting to their young eyes, a new member had arrived. The one thing that no one knew the answer to, was why was I covered in blood?
          And whose blood was it?


Part 2

          
          Lila, my brother Leo's mate,  stared at me with a troubled look in her eye, slowly playing with my cold fingers that were tangled in her own. 
           We sat at the edge of a little creek in the woods, right on the edge Blackwater's territory.It was one of those days for me. The dark cloudy ones. Every once in a while, it feels as though my heart is just far too heavy. Like something horrid had just happened to me and I needed to weep. I used to think this was just apart of being a human. Maybe even a little bit of depression perhaps?
          However, it comes and goes so quickly, so intensely, I want to rule that option out. It felt different. Like this heartache, this agony that would randomly and quickly storm into my heart wasn't even my own, it's like it was someone else's...
           It was as confusing as it was painful.
           Lila held my hands tight as she spoke, "Sylvia, how would you feel about talking to your dad? I know you didn't want to do so for a long time... But I hate seeing you in this emotional turmoil."
            I sighed. "I know. But there's nothing to tell him. What do I say, 'Daddy! Sometimes I get sad?'" I laughed dryly.
            Lila frowned at my lighthearted response. "You know it's more than "sometimes getting sad". Just a months ago you compared it to a feeling of agony, or like an intense despair. And now they're nightmares too? That's not normal, Syl. I don't like seeing my friend like this. And... And I'm the future Luna, taking care of my Pack is my responsibility. Let's talk to Alpha Aiden." She stood up swiftly.
            "No!" I spoke. "Sorry. No, it's just, I don't want to tell my dad about it when I don't even know what it is." I stood with her and we began walking. "Besides, it only happens every once in awhile! I'm fine, honestly. It's just confusing, I guess." I smiled at her, "Right now, talking to you is enough for me. Thanks Lil."
             She smiled back at me and linked our arms together. "Anything for my sis! But promise to keep me involved in this. I am willing to keep it between us for now, but I want to know when it comes and goes. You should not be going through this struggle alone. We're your pack." She smiles sweetly. 
           "I know, I know, Mom." I teased.
           We walked back in a comfortable silence, taking in the nature around us. Lila was the closest thing to a sister I had. When I came here all those years ago, she was one of the first friends I made. She and Leo. 
           I spent my first few days in a spare room near the Alphas wing in the Pack house. Little ten year old Lila would always walk past my door and sneakily peek in. Sometimes she would be holding Leo's hand and walk by about four or five times while gazing in my room, curious no doubt. 
          I don't remember how, but eventually we began talking to each other. And then, playing. She introduced me to Leo, who was just as kind as she. And then I met Jack, Leo's twin, who looked at me like a I was an alien from another planet, but played with me nonetheless. Long story short, Lila was my first friend and welcomed me with open arms, human and all.
           The acceptance from the future Luna encouraged other kids in the pack, and eventually I came to view them all as family, and vice versa. The fact that I'm so loved and welcomed by the pack makes me feel proud of them and their hearts. A massive family of werewolves, welcoming a strange lone human. That was almost unheard of.
           "Gasp! A nasty forest goblin and a damsel in distress! Fear not, Luna, I'll save you from the disgusting beast!" Jack appeared, and suddenly raced towards us from the training fields as we approached, clearly in a playful mood.
           "Oh dear Goddess." Lila sighed as she hurriedly stepped away from me.
           "I'm not a goblin, you ass!" I called back at my brother. 
           "Oh, It speaks! Begone, demon!" He threw a fat arm around my hips and lifted me over his shoulder.
           "Don't manhandle me, oaf!" I clenched a fist and punched at his neck, literally going for the jugular. 
            "Ack.!" Jack coughed and his grip loosened as I scrambled free.
            "Hello, my love." Leo approached us and swept away his mate, barely sparing his siblings a glance as we continued throwing punches at one another.
            "Oh wow, thanks for the help Leo!" I called as he and Lila laughed while walking away. Traitors.
            "Take this!" Jack bellowed from behind me. He karate chopped the back of my knees, forcing my legs to give way and making me face plant on the ground. 
             "You ass!" I screamed as I launched myself onto him.
             Jack roughly shoved me away from him suddenly and darted off towards the pack house, "Race ya!" He called over his shoulder.
             "That's not fair! We have to start at the- oh forget it." I continue my walk to the house, watching as the idiot I call family sprints off, not even realizing that I'm not racing him. 
               Entering the pack house, I'm instantly greeted by busy chattering and the smell of food. No one lives in the pack house, but our people use it as a common space to gather. Whether it's being used as a space for a meeting or announcements, or for a celebration, or meal, it's always filled with people. Just the way I love it.
              "Sylvia, dear. I hear you're wanting to join us in our visit to the Baenar pack?" The man I've grown to call Father, Alpha Aiden, approached me from behind and rested his arm around my shoulders.
            "Yeah, if that's alright with you and the guys of course. Is it a serious meeting?" I asked my dad.
            "Well, for the most part it's a casual checking up on our current alliance with them. When Alpha Ray and I need to discuss the more important matters, you and Jack are free to roam the territory. Leo, of course, will stay with us and observe so he may carry on our alliance." He explains. "Although dear, it is not a brief  visit. It'll be an all day event." 
            I ponder this. "Oh. Well I guess I can go to accompany Jack then. Won't he have "future Beta" stuff to do though?" I ask.
           "Surprisingly no. Our alliance with the pack is strong yet complex. When Alpha Ray and I formed it, he insisted that all discussions and agreements be done one on one, Alpha to Alpha." He smiled.
           I raise my eyebrows, "That's strange. Sounds kind of mudery to me."
          My dad chuckled before answering, "No, not murdery. Just secure. Alright love, go find your mother and eat." He turned, "Did you take your vitamins today?"
            I rolled my eyes, "Yes, just like yesterday and the day before." 
           He then shooed me away to the larger dinning room. With each step my excitement for the trip grew. I've surprisingly never visited this pack. I loved seeing how other packs functioned, each one with different systems and auras about them. 
            "Syl! Come!" I could hear my mothers voice from the kitchen.
           "Why does literally everyone need to be in here right now?" I grumble as I squeeze through my pack mates.
           "Give this to Bell. Thanks hun." My mother quickly pushes a piled high plate into my hands and goes back to helping the younger kids grab food. 
            My mother is the best Luna. Lila has the same heart as hers, constantly looking out for others. I once visited a pack in Germany, where the Luna was treated like a queen. Not that my mother isn't, but this Luna didn't seem like the type to throw her hair up in a bun and smack the hands of boys trying to grab desserts without a plate. She's truly the pack mother.
            I approached Bell and leaned down to kiss her cheek. Her wrinkly eyes beamed up at me as she took her dinner plate from my arms, "Sweet Sylvia." She muttered. 
           Bell was one of our elders. I hear she's around 194 years old, but she doesn't look a day over 99. Most of werewolves in our area are estimated to live to be about 150, and Miss Bell is defying the odds.
           Honestly, I think she uses her old age as an excuse to be left alone. Can't blame her though, I'll probably do the same.
            After quickly eating and slipping away from the crowd, I retreated to my bedroom. I dressed into sweats and long sleeve shirt and pulled out my favorite novel, winding down for the night. 
            And my heart ached.
            For the second time this week, I felt a great sense of loss and sadness crash through me. Almost like I just watched a horribly sad movie. I hadn't told Lila that these episodes had just about doubled in the last few months. 
            "Hmph.." I quietly groaned as  I clenched my chest. As usual, my heart suddenly filled with more panic and despair. So quickly my mood had once again shifted from calmness, to agony, and a strong feeling of sorrow.
            Maybe these were just intense panic attacks? 
            But I don't experience any general issues with worrying, or anxiety. I'm not an anxious or nervous person. Then depression? But then I also don't think depression randomly hits you like a train, and completely leaves you within minutes of its arrival. 
            Traitor tears rolled off my cheeks as I closed my book and laid down on my bed. I felt so sad, so much loss. And now, I felt angry due to the mysterious emotion. Why was I so heartbroken? And why do these emotions come and go so quickly? This is so stupid. What even is it? Where can I find answers? Who do I even talk to for help?I let out a frustrated grunt and tossed my book to the floor, giving up reading for the night.
              Curling up, I decide I've had enough today. Tomorrow will be better. I know that this feeling will be gone by morning. It always is.


Part 3

            "Syl! Come with me!"
         I woke up to the sound of Jack's voice being muffled by my locked door. 
         "C'mon! I'm sooo bored!" He dramatically groaned and thudded his head on the surface of my door.
         I groaned too and sat up, glaring at the wall.           "Sylllvviiaa."
         "Jack, give me a minute!" I tossed a pillow at the door for dramatic affect.
          He muttered something sassy through the door before finally retreating. 
          I quickly got ready for the day, dressing in a dark sweater and leggings and brushing out my hair. Grabbing my bag, I headed out to find Jack and see what he desperately needed.
          "Yeesh, you women and getting ready." He grumbled as he stood up from a chair in the hall, "Let's go on a run! I wanna check out some neighboring trails."
           I walked beside him. "Neighboring? Like outside our territory?" I questioned.
            "Well yeah, but it'll be fine." He shrugged. "Remember our neighboring packs are our allies and sister packs. We can cross over, they can tell what pack we belong to by our scent."
            "Huh. I forgot about that.."
            "Plus your sweet brother will protect you from any dangerous threats, remember how strong I am?" He grinned and flexed his bicep.
            I stare at him for a second as he kissed each muscle. Then I shot my leg out and hooked it around his, walking away as he crumbled to the ground.
           "Oof!" He muttered from the floor. "Yeah okay, that's rude."
           "I don't wanna run with you, but I'll read on the swing! I've been needing some fresh air."
            We walked downstairs and grabbed some things before heading out. I took a few snacks and my bag, holding my drawing and reading materials in it.
             "Want me to stay near you?" Jack offered as we started down a trail.
              "Nah, just circle back every now again so I know you aren't dead." I teased.
              "So sweet and kind. Alright, meet me back around the tree in an hour!" He called as he ran off into the trees and off the trail. 
               I knew exactly what tree he means. "The tree" is kind of like our secret spot for the three of us. We'd always play there because it was pretty deep into our territory, almost hidden by a thick wall of ivy vines and trees. During our early teen years, Leo installed a simple wooden swing for me.
             Personally, I think he did it so I wouldn't wander off while the boys went running. Either way, it was my favorite place.
             I plunked down onto the wooden seat and pulled out a notebook. Hours seemed to pass as I happily escaped into my own little world. Sketching the scenery around me, reading a chapter here and there from my current novel, taking breaks to swing and feel the soft leaves brush against my skin.
             Everyone once in a while I'd hear the echo of Jack's running. It was blissful here. In moments like these, I felt my happiest, and so at peace. But with this peace came a slight nervousness. I yearn for this feeling so much, that I dread the thought of it being interrupted by an episode. I want to hold onto these sweet moments because I know they never last very long. 
            That's what I'd found myself calling them lately, "episodes". Seems fitting. I can't get them out of my head, when I'm not experiencing one, I'm thinking about when the next one will happen. And now they had started to invade my dreams too. 
           I'm thinking about what it is; could it be an illness? Is my body trying to tell me something's wrong? No, these feel more.. emotional almost. Sorrowful. I keep coming back to that word. Sorrowful.. of what? Like a loss, a loss of a loved one. Or something loved, something precious. As if a devastating event took place and I was involved. 
          "Hm.." I breathe out.
          Suddenly I stopped swinging. Could these be my memories? Could I be remembering things from my past? Is that possible? How had I not thought of this possibility before? But what is it, what am I forgetting here? 
          What happened to me as a child...?
           "Syl?"
            I jumped out of my thoughts. "What?" I look over to see my brother looking at me from a distance, a rare expression of concern on his face.
           "What?" I question again.
           Jacks face returned to his normal expression, "Ah, nothing. You looked a little off there for a minute." He breezed by me and picked up his water. 
           "Wanna go back?" I ask him, packing my items away. I wanted to go home and finish my thoughts. 
            He slowed down and studied me for a moment. "You good?"
            "Yes? Are you?" 
           "Yeah... Okay, yeah, let's head on back." Jack turned and tossed his bottle to me. "You carry this for me, I'm gonna run. You okay?"
            "Quite asking me that! Go on!" I shoved him away as I started down the path towards home.
              Jack quickly shifted and ran off down trail ahead of me. My mind went back to my earlier thoughts.
              Little flashbacks, that's what these could be. Flashbacks of emotions I once felt? Or little snippets of memories? But I was so little, what could have caused such awful feelings?                      I've never really spent this much time wondering about my mysterious past before. It was so much easier to simply accept the lost memories and embrace my new home. It felt strange thinking so much on the foreign subject. It made me nervous, pondering on the unknown story and knowing there's a dark sinister somewhere twist in it.
           Jack and I eventually made our way home and I quickly escaped to my bedroom. I felt adrenaline fill up my body with this new found theory on my episodes. 
           Dumping my bag on the floor, I jumped into bed and pulled out a notebook and pen. I had decided to dissect the matter from the inside out, and writing helped me think. My hand quickly went to work, writing as much information about my episodes as I could. How long would each one last? 
             '2 minutes'  I wrote.
             How would I describe them?
             'Strangely brief yet intense feelings of sorrow, loss, fear, panic.....' I hesitated before adding, 'terror.'
              How often do I get them?
              'At least 7 or 8 times a week?'
              Geez, had it really grown to 8 a week? I shook my head and thought more about these little episodes. I'm pretty much ruling out the possibility of them being panic attacks. Because they're so short, not even a full 2 minutes and then I'm completely back to normal. Plus they had always come out of nowhere and been gone in a flash.
             Maybe some different kind of panic disorder? 
             'Panic disorder, flashbacks?'
             My pen hesitated for a moment in my hand before adding, 'Memories?'
             I absentmindedly added the words with a question mark. To think these episodes have been consuming for me so long and I could only write a few words down when describing them. 
              Letting out a sigh, I curled further into my blanket and let my eyelids begin to droop. Between the long walk with Jack and my mind going 100 an hour, I was exhausted and overwhelmed. 
             Maybe I simply need to stop thinking about it so much...
            A nap was definitely necessary right now.


Part 4

             There was a woman, somewhere. I could hear her muffled voice slowly becoming clearer. My eyes strained to focus on something, anything, but it was too dark everywhere I turned. Yet her voice was becoming louder by the second.
            "No!" I could finally make out her words.
            "No! No! I won't!" Her terror filled voice flooded my ears. The woman's screams were desperate and pleading, begging. "Leave her!" Her words turned into agonizing sobs.
       "No, Please!" She screamed out so loud, I felt it vibrating inside my chest. I covered my ears as her voice boomed.
           Panting and startled, I sat up in my bed, looking around my room. A nightmare? My hand rose to my chest as I collected myself. Wow. Okay, wow. That had felt so real. And upsetting. I struggled to stand from my bed for a moment, clearly shaken up by the disturbing dream.
           A tear rolled down my cheeks as I slowed my breathing. I could practically feel the woman's heartbreak. So much sorrow. And panic.
           I shook my head, as if it'd help to clear my mind. I didn't allow myself to focus on it, and quickly headed to the shower. Today is the day I visit the Baenar pack with my brothers and Dad. I'm not in the mood to let these little episodes, or dreams now, ruin my entire day like usual. Any other day, and this would have completely consumed my thoughts.Later, I promised myself. I'll ponder and dissect the disturbing dream later. 
          Grateful for the distraction, I thought of simple things. Like outfits, the weather, questions I'd want to ask, places to explore. I hear this area has beautiful trails.
          I decide to look nice for the visit, and put on black jeans and a dark fluffy sweater with boots. I left my pale blonde hair down and added a dark red lip. My father always reminded us to dress appropriately when visiting Packs, out of respect for them and their leaders.
          Trumping down the stairs, I find Leo near the main door.
          "Hey."
          He looked up from his phone. "Syl! Ready to go? Seems like Dad and Jack took a separate car."
          "Yep! I'm ready." I answer. 
          "You take your vitamins this morning?" My brother asked. I frowned at the annoying daily question and nodded.
        We walked down the hall and to the door. Of course, Lila isn't too far from her mate.
         "What time should I expect you back?" She asked while fixing Leo's hair.
         "After dinner, unfortunately. Meetings with the Baenar Pack always run late." He leans down and kissed her on the cheek.
         "Have fun Sylvia! Don't distract him. And keep Jack out of trouble." Lila smiled at me while she clung to her mate.
         "Yes, mother." I pulled her in for a quick hug and headed for the car. 
          For the first time in what seems like forever, I was genuinely excited. My mind had been so blocked up lately, a fun little trip like this was much needed.
          "Oh come on!" I yelled at my brother, who was kissing his mate like he'd never see her again.
          "It's only one day away from each other!" I yelled once more before closing the car door. "Goodness" I mumbled to myself.
           Leo finally joined me and started the car up. "One day you'll understand, dear sister." He teased.
            I rolled my eyes at his teasing and watch the trees fly past my window as we left our territory. 
          "So, how will you pass the time while Dad and I are in the meeting?" 
           I looked over at Leo, "Not sure. I'd love to explore a little bit, if that's alright."
          "Of course!" He answered. "Alpha Ray always announces to the pack when there are visitors. You're presence won't upset anyone."
           "Cool. Maybe I'll check out some of their trails." I wondered.
            Leo and I talked about anything and everything before settling into a comfortable silence for the rest of the drive.
         "Alright, Syl." 
         I rubbed my eyes open and looked down to find Leo nudging my leg. 
        "Wake up, we're crossing into Baenar territory now." He tells me.
         Sitting up, I looked out my window to see more trees. Different from Blackwater's land though. These trees were taller, easily reaching 20 plus feet into the sky. The mountains and hill surrounding us were impressive, how had I not visited sooner?
         "There they are." Leo mumbled to himself as we pulled in front of the main Pack house. Jack, our father, and a man who I'm assuming is Alpha Ray, stood in the doorway speaking to each other excitedly. 
          Jumping out of the car, Leo and I approach the small group.
         "Alpha Ray, a pleasure to see you again." My brother stuck out his hand.
        "Ahh, future Alpha Leo. It's been awhile, hasn't it?" Ray smiled and met his handshake. "And you must be Sylvia, thank you for visiting us." He turned to me and offered me a handshake as well.
        "Thank you for allowing me to tag along, Alpha." I smiled back.
        "Anytime dear. Do poke around and entertain yourself. " He answered before turning to my family. "Shall we begin our discussion?"
         My father agreed and began to walk away with the men. "Yes! Jack, Sylvia, be normal. Please." He muttered to us in passing.
         We watched as they disappeared into the private meeting room.
       "....That was an insult, right?" Jack turned to me.
       "Yeah. Can't blame him" I answered "Well I want to walk around a bit!"
        I turned away and Jack followed. We checked out the training fields and track area, waving to a few people as we went. For awhile I explored some of the gardens and running trails while Jack watched a few sparing matches. Eventually I found him again, still near the training grounds of course, but engaging in small talk with other wolves. 
         Not wanting to interrupt them, I ventured off to continue my quest, heading towards the Pack house. 
        "Hi!" A short girl with dark brown hair and a wide smile greeted me. "You're from Blackwater right? I heard their Alphas are here for a meeting." She asked.
         "Yes, that's my Father in there with Alpha Ray." I smiled back at her.
         "Oh! I can't remember the last time we had on human strolling around our place." She said, "Ya like it so far?"
          I laughed at her straightforwardness, "Of course,  the scenery here is beautiful.".
          "Thanks! Not too shabby, I guess." She laughed and looked around. "You been exploring our grounds, right?"
           "A little bit, I already lost my brother to the trading feilds." I laughed and added "I'm Sylvia."
           "Oh! Opps, sorry, I'm Kara. And now your personal tour guide!" She joked and hooked arms with me. 
           She's a little strange, I thought to myself. I like her.


Part 5

 
         Kara and I walked around for a bit, while she pointed out various "cool" spots around her home.
         "Oh! We should go to the game room!" Have you been to the game room?" She asked and tugged on my arm.
         "No, no I haven't gone in yet." I laughed at her excitement.
          Kara quite literally dragged my inside and led me into the large basement. There, I saw tons of people floating about massive room. Some were lounging on the couches and watching a show, while others were playing games on an Xbox, yelling when the opponent won. This place was obviously an entertainment center for all the pack members to enjoy, similar to Blackwater's.
          "Most of the younger wolves spend time down here after school." Kara commented while she handed me a red solo cup.
           I looked at her with my eyebrows raised in question and she laughed. "I wish! No spiked drinks here." She pointed to several younger children who flew past us, chasing one another. "Kiddos present" she added.
            For a while I sipped on the soda and observed the atmosphere, feeling slightly awkward as people clearly noticed I was from a different pack. They were kind though, not bothering to hide hide their questioning glances and stares, but still kind.
           Feeling anxious and still wanting to explore, I tried to get my "tour guide"'s attention.
          "I'm going to head upstairs!" I yelled to Kara, who was shouting something at the video game.
          She turned over her shoulder, "Oh! Okay! Want me to follow ya? Tour part two?" She asked.
          "No, I'm alright. Thank you Kara!"
          She smiled and waved at me before returning to the bright screen. I made my way upstairs and poked my head into several rooms as I started to walk the halls.
           Most were little lounge areas, or study rooms. But one room in particular caught my attention. A dark, quiet little study filled with plants everywhere you looked. Even larger containers filled with different colored soils. 
           Going into the room further, I noticed herbs all bottled and labeled in jars along the wall, and dried flowers hung decoratively throughout the room with their names printed beneath them in cursive lettering. Books and notebooks were placed on the shelves and tables, along with a forgotten coffee cup in the center. The lovely smell from all the plants and soil pulled me in further.
           "Like it?" A voice from the doorway made me jump.           "Sorry! Didn't mean to scare ya." A man smiled at me, as he came to sit down in front of one of the desks. "Gabriel." He offered me his hand.
           "Sylvia." I smiled and shook his hand before sitting across from him, "I'm just visiting from Blackwater." I explained.
           "Ahh, Blackwater. Quite a drive for you, no?" He asked with a friendly smile.
           Shrugging, I replied "A bit, no more than 3 hours north."
            Gabriel modded. "This is my study." He handled me the small jar I was looking at when he first arrived. "I study plants. And herbs. And medicines. All sorts of stuff." He smiled.
            "What is it?" I questioned.
           "That my friend, is Ravion. A mix designed to soothe the urges of newly shifted pups." He tapped the jar in my hand. "Still in the works".
            "You created all these?" I asked looking at the hundreds of little jars, amazed.
             Gabriel smiled. "Can't take all the credit. Mr. Drake taught me all I know. He teaches a few of us here."
             I stared down at the jar in wonder as He continued. "We make," he struggled to find the right word, "medicines, if you will, for specific needs. Like this one, Gellense, is for females in heat. It was originally created for our female warriors, so they wouldn't have to worry about their heat during times of battle. However, now we often use it to help ease the newly matured girls going into their first heat."
           "That's amazing. All of these have one specific purpose?" I asked him.
            He nodded, looking up at the wall with me. "Yep. And they work." He added. 
             I turned the small bottle in my hand and looked up, " Tell me more."
            "Moon Goddess above, there you are!" Jack appeared in the doorway of the study, clearly annoyed at my absence. 
            Opps. Forgot about him.
            Quickly standing from the chair, I turned to my brother "Sorry! Got distracted. Exploring." I said. 
             Jacks eyes left mine and locked onto something, or someone, behind me. "And you are?" He asked, frowning at Gabriel.
             "Gabriel. Owner of the room." He joked. Noticing Jacks frown deepen, he cleared his throat. "Uh, just showing your sister some of my work. Our work."
             There was a long pause of silence. 
            "Flowers? Your work is dead flowers?" Jack asked, looking at the walls.
            "Jack!" I gasped at his rudeness.
            Gabriel laughed "Kinda! There's a bit more to it than that.." he trailed off and rubbed the back of his neck.
            "Okay well, she's done looking at your flowers now. Thank you." Jack grabbed my wrist and began to lead me out of the room.
             "Jack!" I say as he pulls me. "Stop!" 
             "Come on Syl, time to go. Dad and Leo are waiting for us." He added.
              Turning to Gabriel, I thanked him for the little lesson and time he gave.
             "You can always come to an actual lesson! A real one, with Mr. Drake. If you're interested in this stuff." He offered.
              "I'd love that! I'd love to learn more!" I answered truthfully. The subject had quickly sparked my interest and I was anxious to ask more questions.
             "Stop by! Anytime! He's usually always here."
             "Really? He wouldn't mind? Me not being apart of the pack and all?" I asked, excitement growing.
              "Not all all! He loves new people coming in."
     Jack, who was in the doorway, grabbed my wrist again, "Okay, Okay, yeah we're leaving now." He huffed, pulling me along.
              "Thank you!" I yelled "I'll be back!"
               Poor Gabriel smiled and waved as I was dragged down the long hallway, by my caveman brother.


Part 6

           
            The car was filled with a heavy silence as Jack drove us back home, following my Father's car in front of us. Every once in a while I'd notice him glance over at me, huff, and turn back to the road. Finally, he caved. 
            "We came to mingle, not flirt."
            "I was mingling, Jack." I answered.
            He scoffed, "No, that was flirting. I know flirting. That was it."
            "He was just showing me his stuff!" I said.
            "His stuff?!" He turned back to me, eyes wide and angry. "What did he show you Sylvia?!"
            Dear Goddess I thought to myself. 
           "Sylvia?!"
           I'm gonna kill him.
          "What kinda stuff?!" Jack questioned loudly.
          I'm really gonna kill him.
          "That nasty little perv, let's turn arou-"
          "The plants Jack!" I cried in frustration, cutting him and his weird thoughts off.
          "What else? What else did he show you?"
          "Ugh! Nothing. He was showing me his plant and herb studies." I turned back to the window. "That I'm very interested in, by the way!" I added.
          Jack was silent for a minute before responding.
          "Well I'll call Stuart." He said in a clipped voice.
          "What?" I asked. Stuart was one of the retired professors from a local high school, and a part of our pack. The 60 something year old wolf was cold, quiet, and extremely intelligent. "Why would you call Mr. Stuart?" I asked.
          "You want to learn about dumb plants, right? Then I'll have him teach you. Easy" he answered.
           I frowned at my brother. "Jack. I don't want Mr. Stuart to teach me. I want to go back to Baenar and learn from Mr.Drake."
           Jack was silent, again.
          "Gabriel said Alpha Ray and Mr.Drake wouldn't mind it.." I trailed off.
           Jack remained quiet, staring at the road ahead of us. Clearly annoyed.
         "It could just be once a week!" I defended.
         I huffed, "Come on, it's not like it's unsafe, they're our allies."
         "Jack, don't ignore me!" 
        "Why are you even mad?"
          Finally, my brother responded. "I'm not mad! Just.. It's just not our territory. Not our people. You don't know them and I don't know them. There's unmated males! I can't watch you all the from Blackwater."
           I smiled to myself. "You don't need to watch me. And it's safe." I turned back to him. "I mean I already know three people: Kara, Gabriel, and Alpha Ray."
            Jack sighed and rubbed his forehead. "Yeah. We'll talk to Dad about it, see what he thinks."
           "Fine.." I murmured and dropped the subject.                         Hours later, we pulled onto our territory and parked the car as my Father's car pulled next to us. Exiting, I greet my dad.
            "Had fun?" He asked.
            "Yep! I actually found some really interesting things." I answered.
             Jack rolled his eyes, "More like interesting people." He commented.
             Dad raised his eyebrows in question. Shooting a glare to my brother as he passed by, I began to tell my Father all about the little study room I had found.
            "Mr. Drake teaches it? Yes, I believe I briefly met him sometime last year. Odd fellow. But brilliant nonetheless." He said.
            "Yes! Dad, I'm so interested in the subject! What if I brought Jack with me? Or Leo? A friend from Blackwater could-"
             My father cut me off, laughing. "Easy tiger, you may attend the class once a week. I trust you, hon. And I trust the Baenar Pack, they're good people."
             I think my grin stretched ear to ear. "Thank youuu!" I dragged out as I threw my arms around him.
            "See? Independence comes once trust is established. I know that you know right from wrong." He smiled down at me. "Although, you will be driving yourself, missy. Can you handle the long drive?"
             "Yeah! It's long, but I promise to pay for gas! And go slow." I smiled.
             "Alrighty." My father ruffled my hair and walked off, probably to find Mom.
               Leo stood next to me in a flash. "That'll be fun, Syl. Sounds like you found a new hobby." He smiled.
              "Yeah! Im excited." I told his honestly. 
               When Lila entered and greeted each of us, I escaped to my bedroom so I wouldn't have to witness all the lovey dovey crap from the two mates. It was late already, and I was tired. Entering my room, I quickly changed into pajamas and piled my hair up onto my head in a tie, wrapping up the long day. I was still excited about the future lessons. And the new friends I had made, Kara and Gabriel. And the new classmates I will meet. And the knowledge I'll gain.
            This is just what I need. It'll be good for me, I thought to myself. A good distraction.


Part 7

        "This isn't the answer! There has to be another way!" I heard a woman desperately yelling somewhere off in the distance. But again, all I was met with was darkness around me.
         "She will be slaughtered otherwise!" A sharp and much older voice snapped in reply. 
         "Please!" The younger voice sobbed and she begged, "Please, she's all that I have left! No!"
           Once again, I bolted upright in my bed. Out of breath and emotional from the upsetting dream.
          Geez, I thought. 
          I gave myself a minute to calm down, holding my chest and blinking away the building tears. I felt silly letting them fall, over something I didn't even understand. It was hard to brush it off and pretend like it didn't happen. The dream had left a bitter taste in my mouth and my stomach in knots. 
            Sighing, I dragged myself to the bathroom to get ready for the day. It had been four days since my trip to the Baenar pack, and I had decided that today I would go visit again. Obviously, I needed something to brighten my already dreary day. 
            Not feeling the need to be formal again after my first visit, I dressed casual. in a grey sweater and jeans. I bounced down the steps and found my mother in the living room, speaking with several pack members.
             "Morning sweets." She called over her shoulder at me.
             "Morning. I was thinking of headed to Baenar today.." I trailed off hopefully.
             My mom looked up at me, "Oh, do be careful love. Are you taking someone with you?"
            "No. Dad said he trusts me to go alone. And I'll be careful ma." I smiled
            She sighed before turning to her friend, "They grow up so fast."
             "I'm heading out now Mom!" I called as I grabbed my coat and keys.
            "Sylvia, text me when you get there! And go the speed limit! Eat something on your way, honey!" She yelled after me. "Say hello to Alpha Ray!"
             "I know!" I called as I closed the front door behind me and ran towards the car. I was too excited.
             Three and a half hours later, I was pulling in front of the Baenar pack house. I parked the car along with a few others off to the side, and waved to a few people who looked my way. 
            Now to find Gabriel I thought.
            I entered the busy house and, thank goodness, immediately recognized a short girl yelling at some boys. Thankful for a familiar face, I approached her.
            "Next time, it'll be up your butt!" She cried as several boys made a dash past us. "Sylvia?" She questioned.
             Laughing, I looked away from the retreating figures, "Hi! I'm back." I joked.
            "I can see that! Thank Goddess for that, those idiots were driving me insane." Kara smiled at me.
            "I can tell." I laughed. "I'm actually looking for Gabriel! He invited me to a lesson with Mr. Drake.." I trailed off.
            "Oh, he's gotta be in his study! Know how to get there? Are you going there now?" She asked.
            "Yeah, I remember! I just need to let your Alpha know I'm here beforehand."
            "Leave it to me Amiga, I'm headed his way anyways for a group run. I'll let him know for ya!" Kara offered.
            "Thank you!" I started off towards the study, "I'll try to catch you before I leave!"
            Kara grinned and waved as she jogged down the opposite hallway. Reaching the study, I poked my head in before entering. Spotting Gabriel's form in the corner, I headed towards him. He must have sensed my presence, because he stood as soon as I was three steps into the room.
           "You made it!" He smiled brightly as he turned to meet me.           "Couldn't turn down such a great offer." I joked. "I'm actually really intrigued by what you told me last time."
           We sat down at one of the little tables and chatted while He showed me what he was currently working. Eventually, a few other students filed into the room.
            "Hey."  Said a small voice.
           "Hey Izzie!" Gabriel turned to the voice and smiled. "This is Sylvia, she's gonna stick around for a few classes."
            I smiled up at the slim girl who gave me a quick glance and a shy smile, muttering a fast 'hello' as she sat down behind me. Then came two boys named Felix and Andrew. They were playful and goofy, but took the lesson seriously once Mr. Drake entered. 
            Mr. Drake was excited to have a new 'wolf' intrigued by the study of his plants and herbs. "The possibilities are endless!" He told me, "Right now, we're creating mixtures appealing to Werewolf related issues, but think of where this could go. How many different species we could touch!" He explained, gesturing to the dried plants in front of him. "Izzie! Let's hear yours!" 
            She blushed deeply before opening her notebook. "Uhh, I've been working on this mix... but I have a few questions. I've dried some Basil and Chamomile with Dreeyers leaves. I was wondering about adding Raws to it.." she wondered aloud. 
            "Raws? As in-"
            "It's a moss, commonly found in Fae territories." Gabriel answered.
            "Literal pixie dust!" Felix called out.
            "Not literal pixie dust, Felix! But half correct, it does have some supernatural properties due to its origin." Mr. Drake smiled.
             I quickly realized the class had two sides to it. Side one was actually studying flowers, plants, leaves, and how they benefit us. Side two was more potions related, similar to what Izzie was working on. Gabriel seemed to dabble in both, creating natural remedies through herbs mixtures and combinations. 
              The lesson carried on as we openly discussed the students current projects. It was a very casual class, almost like an open study group. At one point I ventured off to the textbooks and read all about common plants in my area. I recognized several plants as ones seen on my territory, and read in how they benefit our soil and lifestyle, even how to cook with them. 
              The three hours passed quickly, and people were closing their books. Felix and Izzie said goodbye before heading out, followed by Andrew who stayed to chat for a bit before leaving.
             "Well Miss Sylvia? What did you think?" Mr.Drake asked me with a grin.
             "I loved it. I never realized I have such an interest in plant life." I smiled back.
            "Ahh, another heart stolen by the earth!" He exclaimed dramatically. "Well I hope to see you next week, kiddo. Heck, the study's always open. Pop by whenever!" He gathered his books before doing a strange jog out of the room.
              "Gotta love Mr.D." Gabriel joked.
             "He's a character, alright." I laughed. "Do... Do you think it would it be rude to borrow a few books? I'll obviously bring them right back!" 
             "Oh for sure, I do it all the time." He answered. "Yeah, Mr.Drake always encourages us to take the textbooks home."
              "Awesome." I whispered to myself as I gazed at the bookshelf.
               I hadn't felt this excited in a while.


Part 8

     
           My nose was buried in one of the many textbooks I had borrowed from Mr.Drakes study. For the past three weeks, I had been going once or twice a week to the Baenar pack to learn more about my newfound passion.             Gabriel and I had formed a strong friendship through our common interest, and he often teases me, calling me "obsessed". Please, I'd call it dedicated! I've also grown much closer to Izzie, who has surely come out of her shell. The guys, Andrew and Felix, always greet me when we cross paths in the study. 
             I laughed as my phone lit up, the caller being exactly who I was thinking of.
              "Hey Izzie." I answered.
              "Hi Sylvia." She greeted, "Are you coming over on Wednesday?"
              "Yeah! I was planning on it. I wanted to go over some different new herb mixes with Felix."
              "Okay!" She chirped. "Just wanted to check. Also, give you a heads up that we're having another Pack visit that day.." she trailed off.
              "Oh,  okay. No worries then, I'll come another day-" I started.
               Izzie cut me off, "Oh no, no! You can still come, I already asked Alpha Ray about it. Please don't leave me alone with those boys." She laughed. "I just wanted to make sure you knew."
              "Oh, thanks Izzie! Yes, I definitely still plan on coming." I told her.
              We chatted a bit before saying goodbye and hanging up. Would it be rude of me to be there whilst another Alpha is visiting? Shaking my head, I reminded myself that Alpha Ray has approved it. I probably wouldn't even see the other pack members, I'd be quietly tucked away in the study room like usual.
              Each week, I'd find myself holding myself back from visiting the Baenar pack too often. Gabriel's joke of me being 'obsessed' stuck out in my mind. I know he meant no harm, but it made me think. Even away from the books, away from the study, I still found myself thinking of the different plants, admiring their beauty, getting lost in the subject. 
             Maybe I'm just that desperate for a distraction.. I thought.
             And I was. The disturbing dreams had hit an all time high, occurring at least every other night. And it was always the same scenario being played out: a young woman desperately crying out, asking, no begging, another woman to stop. 'Stop what?' was the big question. 
             Just like the plants, the twisted dreams flooded my mind, constantly. However, I was often able to lose myself in that little study room that had become my haven. 
              A soft knock at my door pulled out of my thoughts and out of the book in my lap. "Come in!" I called.
             Lila poked her head in and smiled, "Hi there." She came in and swiftly sat on my bed, straightening her skirt. 
             I wish I was that graceful.
            "I miss you! I feel like I haven't caught you in ages, little sis." She joked.
             I laughed, "Well here I am, Luna in waiting."
            "What's this?" Lila swiped the book from my legs and read the title, "Ahh, 'The Botanical Guide'. Still on your plant fix, I see." She smiled.
             "It's not mine, I'm borrowing it. It's an interesting read, if you want to steal it?" I offered.
              Lila chuckled at me, "Sylvia my love, not everyone can bare to read an entire textbook about plants. For fun." She teased.
               "Yeah, yeah..." I laughed with her.
               "I actually meant to check on you... How are you doing? With the..." she paused to pick the right word, "episodes?"
                 Do I tell her the truth? 
                "I'm good!" I smiled up at her. 
                  Liar.
                 Lila looked at me questionably, "Really? You were struggling with them so much before... I could see it in the way you walked, the way you spoke."
                 I admired her dedicated observing skills. I chuckled, "Yeah, they were getting bad for a while there." I looked down at my hands and back up at her, "Thank Goddess above, I barely think of it anymore!"
                  Who lies to their friend like that?
                 She held my stare for a moment before answering, "Well, alright. Sylvia, please remember I'm here for you. The moment they return-"
                  I cut her off, "I know! I know. I can come to you with anything." I smiled.
                  Liar. Liar.
                 "Good. You going again tomorrow?" She asked, switching topics. "To the study group?"
                  "Yep. Want to join me?" I asked.
                  Lila smiled, "I don't think your brother would appreciate that." She said, twirling her wedding ring.
                "Stupid Leo." I teased with a sigh.
                "Stupid Leo." Lila laughed back.
                Within ten seconds I heard familiar feet pounding up the stairs. 
                Here we go.
               The door flew open to reveal, none other than Leo. "What? What did I do?" He asked, eyes flying between his mate and I.
                "Honey? What?" Leo grabbed her hands, and then looked to me, "Is she upset with me?"
                Lila just laughed as her mate became a frantic mess. "I love you." She told him as she stood and left my room.
               Leo stares after her for a moment before looking at me again, "She's not mad? We're good?" He asked, "Sylvia?"
                This just made me laugh harder.
               "Someone answer me!" Leo yelled.
              "Woah, angry pants." Jack commented as he walked past my bedroom door.
             Today was already a good day. Starting off, no bad dreams. And on top of that, it was a study day. Meaning I was going to visit Baenar, once again. I left my pale-blonde locks tumbling down my back and wore a large black sweater with dark jeans. I always had to dress according to the weather; being the only human meant I didn't have the convenient extra body heat like Werewolves. And with the snow on the ground, I knew today would be cold. 
              Just how I liked it.
              I added a dark red lip, like usual, and raced to grab my bag and head off. 
             "Watch for ice on the drive, Sylvia." My Dad commented as I passed him near the front door.
            "I will!"
            "Say hello to Alpha Ray!" My mother added.
            "Okay!"
            "Do you have any gum?" Asked Jack.
           And with that, I closed the door and jumped into my car.


Part 9

          
          About Four hours later, I'm pulling into the parking area and I immediately recognized Andrew grinning at me from the porch.
         "Sylvia!" He called.
         "Andrew!" I answered.
         "I'm just now leaving the study room. You're going in?" he asked.
         "Yep. Is everyone in there?" I questioned.
         "Nah, just Izzie. Although Gabriel's been popping in and out." He said as he headed towards the training feilds. "Have fun!"
          "See ya!"
          I gathered my books from the car and headed into the large warm house. Smiling at a few members as I went, I quickly nudged open the study door to find Izzie.
         "Hiya." She smiled up from her papers.
         "Hiya yourself." I joked and plopped down all my notebooks.
          "Dang girl. How have you not stopped?" She  asked, looking at all of my books.
          "I've found my calling." I teased again.
          We settled into a comfortable silence as we read. Both Izzie and Gabriel were buzzing about the room, leaving to make copies or grab another book, and coming back. At one point, I found myself just being entertained by watching them run around.
            Minutes somehow turned into hours, and then Gabriel was packing up his bag. Izzie has already said her goodbyes, leaving the two of us to ourselves. We joked around with each other and voiced our any interesting things we noticed in our studying, before he started gathering his things.
           "That time already." He said, looking at his watch and back to me.
             I sighed and agreed with him. "I should be heading back before it gets any darker, I guess." 
            "Yeah, you've got a long drive. Be safe, message me once you're home so I know you're alive." He joked as he waved goodbye.
             I spent another good hour reading in the comfy chair before deciding that it really was time to go. After clearing up the desk I was using, I put away pens and pencils I stole from Mr.Drakes desk. Using a chair to stand on, I began reaching up and putting books back onto the bookshelf.
              "And this is one of our study rooms." Alpha Ray abruptly entered the dark room, speaking to another man.
               My head snapped to their direction from up on the chair, as I dropped several books.
              "Oh! Sylvia. Sorry dear, I didn't-" Alpha Ray began to apologize, but I couldn't focus on him.I couldn't even hear him, much less. I was too focused on the man next to him, who was staring right back at me.
                He was big. Tall and large in frame, easily an Alpha. He had beautiful black hair and a lighter hazel eye color, pulling me in. The man stood, dark and quiet as he continued his intense stare directed at me.
                "-one of the students involved in the botanical study lessons-" Alpha Ray carried on.
               I almost lost my balance on the chair, and I noticed the man take a small step forward, hands twitching. 
               Wow, he's attractive. Like really attractive. 
              "Right, Sylvia?"
              "Uhm. Yes. What?" I asked, tearing my eyes from the male model next to Alpha Ray. 
              "Mr. Drake teaches well, no?" He asked.
              I looked back to the man, who hadn't looked away from my face. "Yes. Yes, he teaches very well." I told the man.
              "Noted." He gazed up at me. 
              "Oh, you simply must meet him, Alarick. Give me a moment to find the bugger." Alpha Ray commented as he left the room in a hurry. 
                We were left in the dark study room, still staring at each other when the door closed. I don't know how long I gazed into his eyes, but when I almost lost my balance again, he reached his hand out towards me.
             "Will you come down?" He asked in a monotone voice.
               I stared down at him, and then his hand. "No. No, I think ill stay up here."
              How stupid did that sound?
             His face remained emotionless, but his eyes shined bright with amusement. He reached his hand out further, as if asking me again.
               Feeling like he wasn't going to ask a third time, I hesitated before placing my hand in his. I heard a sharp intake of breath from him as he gently guided me off the high chair and onto the floor in front of him.
               His hand is so warm.
              "Thank you." I muttered, looking down. I don't know how much longer I could take his intense stare. 
             He still held my hand near his chest as he answered me, "You're welcome."
             He just kept staring at me. Even looking away from him, I could feel his eyes burning into me and setting me on fire. My heart beat was thumping wildly in my chest.
             Had he gotten closer? It feels like he had gotten much closer. I peaked up at him through my lashes and was once again sucked into his addicting gaze. So beautiful...
            He stepped closer to me as his eyes bore into mine, reading me like a book. I could practically feel his breath on my face. Part of me wanted to stare just as intensely right back. Another part wanted to reach out and touch him.
               I wanted to be closer to him.
              Wait.
               What am I doing? 
               I snapped myself out of it and tried to retract my hand, which he did not lighten his grip on. Stepping back, I laughed lightly as I pulled my hand again. "It's late.", was all I could come up with. 
                His light eyes never looked away from my face as he slowly dropped my hand down to my side, grazing a bit of my wrist with his long fingers and he let go. The feeling almost had me humming in delight. 
                I stepped around his large body and he turned to watch me as I gathered my things.       
                "Uhm..." I paused for a moment, still flustered by his presence. "Goodbye." I huffed, as I forced my legs to take me out of the room.
                "Goodbye Sylvia" I just barely heard him quietly answer.


Part 10

           
          Even when I finally pulled into my parking spot back at home, I couldn't stop thinking of that man. What did Alpha Ray day his name was? Alarick? So unique, I love that. Alpha Alarick.
         Sounds like a strong name. A good name. 
          What am I even saying.?
           I pulled my bag with me as I entered the Pack house and greeted some people walking around. 
           "Foods in the kitchen." Someone told me as they passed.
           "Looking a little queasy there, Sylvia." Jack commented as he stuffed an apple into his mouth.
            Cause I just saw the face of God.
            "I'm hungry." I said simply.
             Jack nodded, "Mom and Helen just made a ton of food." He informed me as he walked into the kitchen.
              Following him, I made a quick plate and snook away to my room. I was starving after spending almost the whole day out.
              I wonder if Alarick ate already....
             Snapping out of my thoughts, i shook my head and pulled out a novel while I ate. I've got enough on my mind as is, no need to drag that pour man into my crazy life too. 
             I showered before bed and forced all Alarick related thoughts out of my mind. Nope, he's none of my business. Leave it alone, Sylvia. 
              Leave it.
              I did not, in fact, leave it. All night, I happily dreamt of hazel eyes and how his warm large hand curled around my own. At one point I even snuggled further into my pillow, imagining him here with me. 
              So my point is, I had gone crazy.
              But today was also day two in a row of no bad dreams. Which was a good start. 
              Deciding to not focus on the man clouding my thoughts, I got to work. Brushing out my hair and getting dressed, I hurried along in my room. I wanted to go walk in the woods again today, hopefully Jack would come with. 
                I came down the stairs with my bag in tow, and was met with everyone rushing around.
              "What's going on?" I asked a pack member.
              "I dunno, some Alphas are visiting and we've gotta straighten up around here." They answered in a hurry.
               "An Alpha visit?.." I wondered aloud. It was strange, usually those were kinda a big deal. Never on short notice like this.
              I passed my Dad in the hall. "Dad, who's coming over?" I asked him, slightly worried.
              He barley stopped walking to answer me. "One moment- Honey, don't worry. Just an unplanned meeting with some Alphas. Apparently we're hosting. I know it's short notice, so just go about your day sweetheart. What? I'm not talking to you!" He cried into the phone as he sped away.
              Shrugging, I set off to find some breakfast and my brother, Jack. 
               The kitchen was insane. Helen, our main cook, was pumping out dish after dish in preparation for this evening. Cooks hurried about as they cleaned dishes and got everything ready. I don't know how I was able to sneak in and swipe a banana without losing an arm. 
              Now to find Jack.
             Walking outside into the chilly morning air, I saw a group near the workout area and knew that my brother was most likely there. 
              "Jack!" I yelled over the group.
              He caught my eyes and made his way over to me. "What's up, little sister?"
              "I was going to go to my swing in the woods, want to come with me? You could run!" I offered.
            "Well considering you're not allowed to enter the woods alone, I guess I have to." He answered and I smiled.
              He swiped the rest of my banana before taking off in a sprint. "Hey!" I called after him. I saw him shift into his wolf form and wait for me near the trees.
              "Show off.." I muttered as I hiked my bag up on my shoulder and followed him. 
               I spent a good two hours on my swing, reading and note-taking. Like usual, every now and again, Jack would circle back to make sure I was still there and in one piece. At one point, he darted past me and hit the edge of my swing as he flew by, intentionally scaring the crap out of me. "Jack!" I yelled after him. My anger was met with a teasing bark as he continued on his run.
               My plant knowledge had grown, and I smiled to myself as I was able to identify some of the greenery surrounding me. I was proud of myself, something I didn't feel very often. It felt good. In my notebook, I had listed off the different plants crowding my favorite little spot, and noted the unique facts about each type. After a while, I just simply swung and basked in the peace that I always felt out here.  
              Eventually, I heard the familiar sound of heavy paws hitting the ground, approaching me. I looked up to see Jack still in his wolf form, staring at me patiently. 
              Getting the clear message, I put my notebooks away in my bag and stood from the swing. Jack ran ahead of me, never too far, as we made our way back to the Pack house. He shifted and grabbed a pair of discarded shorts on the lawn, "Satisfied?" He asked.
               "Killed almost three hours, so yes." I smiled as we walked.
              "Alright. I've gotta go, we're having a meeting with some Alphas here in a few hours." He walked backwards towards the house, "Just stay up in your room or something until were done!" He called after me as he jogged away. 
                I scoffed at his words. He wants me to stay in my room? He's joking, right?
               "I'll do what I want.." I mumbled to myself.
               "Syl!" Jack yelled in a warning tone.
               Damn their werewolf hearing.
               I don't really have to stay in my room, right? It's common knowledge that the Blackwater Alpha has a human daughter. It's a fact that doesn't even phase me anymore. The more I thought on the matter, the more Jack's comment inspired me to do the exact opposite of his request. 
               Huffing, I turned to the left and changed my course. Now that Jack told me to go to my room, I'm not going. Which is a shame because that's where I was wanting to go originally...  I made my way to the porch of the large tool shed we had for storage.
               Definitely not your average little shed, as it held tools and equipment for about 300 people. The shed was off to the side of the Pack house, slightly tucked away but not quite out of sight. The little porch attached to it had a few chairs, perfect for curling up with a book. And that's what intended to do.              I curled into the cushion chair, legs tucked up to my chest as I read my novel. It was nice watching my pack members go about their day. Eventually, several black SUVs pulled into the driveway. 
              Must have arrived early, I thought. The meeting wasn't supposed to start for another three hours, but often we held tour of our territory for guests.
               I watched from afar as several Alphas I had met before exited the car, speaking in hushed tones to one another. I immediately recognized Alpha Ray and Alpha Ezekiel, as the two had had a long term alliance with our own pack. Another two I recognized, but couldn't name. And the last one to step out of the car already had his eyes glued to mine.
               Alpha Alarick.
              What was I thinking, of course he'd be here! Stupid Sylvia. If he was visiting the Baenar pack, odds are that he would most likely visit ours as well. 
              His intense eyes bore into mine from at least a hundred feet away. I knew he could probably see me a lot clearer than I saw him.
              Curse their Werewolf vision.
             The other Alphas slowly walked into the house, but Alarick still stood near the car. Just like the other night, we simply gazed at each other. It felt comforting, yet intense. 
              Eventually, he started walking towards me and I quickly stood from my chair. Fumbling with my book, Alarick came and stood on the lawn in front of the little porch, gazing up at me. 
               "Hello." I said. Dumb.
               His face gave nothing away as he responded to me, "Hello." He said simply.
              His presence seemed to put my mind on overdrive. Was I holding my hands weird? Did I brush my hair this morning? Where's my bag? I looked around on the ground near my feet. 
               He slowly came up the stairs and picked up my bag, that was under a chair. I swear, the man's hazel eyes never left mine as he knelt down to do so. He held my bag as he spoke, "You're Sylvia Jacobs." 
               My eyes darted from my disheveled bag in his hand, to his face. "Yes." I answered. "Uh, Alpha Alarick."
               His lips twitched, as if he were going to smile. "You know of me." His questions never sounded like questions, but facts.
                I looked up at him, "No. No, I just remember from the other night. With Alpha Ray." I trailed off.
                He reached his free hand out to me, just like before. "It's a pleasure, Sylvia." 
                 I like how he says my name.
                 I blinked before slowly placing my cold hand in his larger warm one. "Pleasure.." I said.
                He held my hand between us, gently pulling me to follow as he stepped down the stairs to the porch. "It's too cold for you out here. Come inside?" He looked up at me as I stepped even closer to him.
               I was staring into his beautiful eyes instead of answering. His comforting fingers curled around my own, reminding me that he still had my hand.
              "Um, yes." I answered as I stepped onto the same step as he. Our conjoined hands were pressed to his chest, just like the other night as he gazed down at my face. 
             It was strange, the way he looked at me. He seemed so intrigued by something, so interested. He stared at me like I had just given him good news.
               His other hand was trailing up and down my other arm, in small motions that sent sweet tingles throughout my body. So light, his actions almost unnoticeable. But who was I kidding, nothing he did was unnoticeable to me. 
              "Sylvia.." he said my name in a low voice.
             "Hmm?" I answered.
              His eyes shined bright with a hidden grin, "I asked you a question." He said softly. I swear the man was smiling through his eyes.
              "Hm?" I blinked, "What?" 
              "Would you like your bag?" He asked.
               I tore my gaze from his face to his shoulder that was supporting my bag. "Oh. Oh! Sorry, yes. Thank you." I quickly took it from him and stepped backwards a few steps, pulling my hands from his grip. 
               He quickly made up for the distance between us, as he stepped closer to me again. 
               "Uhm, I'm going to go back now." This was starting to feel a little overwhelming for me. His touches and intense eyes were starting to make me feel lightheaded. 
               Am I gunna throw up? Oh Goddess, Sylvia don't throw up.
               "Where?" He asked immediately .
               I looked anywhere but at him. "Around." I answered, backing away again and down the steps. "I have stuff.. To do."
                "What stuff?" He asked from behind me. His steps followed my own as I turned towards the Pack house.
                "Uhm. Reading. And, stuff." I mumbled and turned away, still feeling like my nerves were on overdrive. I just needed some fresh air.
                You're already outside!
               "I will join you." He said simply as he matched my pace beside me.
                I slowed down a little, "Aren't you here for a meeting?" I asked him, not turning to meet his eyes.
                We slowly walked across the large lawn, towards the house in a silence. It was quiet, but my mind was still buzzing. He walked so close to me, I could practically feel his body heat coming off him in waves. Every brush of his hand against mine, made my heart flutter. I could still feel his eyes on my face, even as we were walking. Was everything about this man so intense?
                I was itching to look into his eyes again. Just as I was about to cave, and turn to meet his stare, a familiar voice interrupted us.
                 "Alpha Alarick!" Leo met us on the grass and stuck out his hand. "Welcome."
                  Alarick tore his gaze away from me and looked to my brother. "Leonardo Jacobs." He shook his hand.
                  "I see you've met my sister already. It's nice to finally put a face to your name." Leo told him, "My father is giving a tour of our grounds to Alpha James before the meeting; like you, he's never visited our pack before. Join us?" My brother spoke to him formally, showing his professional Alpha side.
                 I looked up to Alarick for his response. I was quickly learning that this man didn't speak often. He was quiet. "Of course." He said simply. 
                "Sylvia, you should head in. It's cold, your nose is turning red." Leo ruffled my hair as he turned to lead Alarick away.
                 I nodded and watched as Leo walked away with Alarick. Twice, the man turned back to meet my eyes as the pair retreated. And both times I had to hold back a smile. A bit of disappointment seeped into my chest when they walk out of sight.
                I want to be near him.
               I shook my head at my silly thoughts. One minute, I'm trying to get away from the man. The next, I want him back at my side. 
               Leave the poor man alone Sylvia, I scolded myself.


Part 11

     
        I dove my nose further into my textbook as I sat on my bed. He's still in my home. I thought to myself. 
        The meeting was being held inside the large office space in the pack house, also where my family lives. Most the pack members had their own homes with their families on our territory. But the Alphas family traditionally stayed in the large Pack house.              I wonder when they'll be done..
     A quiet knock at my door pulled me from my thoughts. 
     "I'm so bored." My friend and packmate, Valerie, poked her head in my room, "Whatcha doing?" 
     I smiled, "Reading. You?"
     Valerie entered and dramatically fell onto my bed, "Dying of boredom. Wanna go outside?" She questioned.
     I raised my eyebrows, "But it's getting dark now."
     She smiled, "The night is young, sweet Sylvia." She sat up, "I've been cooped up all day. Thinking of walking the trails."
     "Val, don't walk the woods alone. Are you nuts?"
     "Hey, I can handle myself! Not scared of some trees and moonlight, are ya?" She quipped. "Plus you know I've been trying with the warriors!"
     "Shut up." I chuckled. 
     "Well, I'm going.." She trailed off and stood.
      "Don't go alone! It's dark."
      "Then come with me!"
      I frowned at her.
      "You know this is our own territory, right?" 
       She has a point.
       "I suppose I could stretch my legs a little.." I answered her.
        Valerie grinned and pulled me off the bed and out the door. We quietly went down the stairs, careful to not disturb the meeting taking place a few rooms over. Valerie waited for me as I grabbed a coat and flashlight, before heading out the door.
        We giggled as we ran across the lawn and towards the woods. It felt nice, letting loose and being silly with a friend like this. I know that my brothers, specifically Jack, wouldn't be too pleased with my actions, but excitement got the best of me. I'd been so consumed with studying lately, I feel like I've been neglecting my sweet friend.
         Valerie laughed as she hopped from log to log. "Ah! I almost forgot! How much do you love me?" She asked with a goofy smile.
         I thought before answering, "You want something from me, don't you?"
          We erupted into laughter, Valeries loud giggles confirming my suspicion.
         "Very funny! But yes, It's a project for some science course." She jumped down. "We're doing the Plant section now, and you have that weird obsession with plants." She smiled as she hooked arms with me.
         "It's not an obsession!"
          Valerie looked at me with a flat expression, "Sylvia, it's an obsession. An obsession that I'm going to use!"
          "I see... Or! I could make you do your own project for once!" I teased her.
       Valerie's head whipped towards me, her mouth agape, "You wouldn't!" She gasped.
       "You're right. How silly of me to expect you to do your schoolwork." I laughed.
       "Hey! This doesn't come natural to normal people! Not that you'd understand.." She playfully jabbed back.
         Valerie laughed as I poked fun at her in return, not bothering to deny my accusations. We talked and walked around the dark forest.
        "I suppose we should turn around now?", She said, looking up at the dark sky.
         I pouted at her as I grazed my hands along the thick bark of the trees. "I don't wanna." Being out here was so relaxing to me nowadays.
          Val chuckled before pulling me along, "Well sucks to suck, Missy. I bet that meeting will be over soon and I don't feel like getting scolded by your father." She added.
        "Good point." I commented.
         Walking back, I took off my shoes to enjoy the feeling of the cold soil on my feet. Bliss. Valerie looked at me like I was crazy, but continued hopping along the logs as we went. 
          "Aw poo." Valerie mumbled as we neared the house. An angry looking Jack stood on the lawn, arms crossed and all.
        "Sylvia. Valerie. It is pitch dark out right now and freezing. The hell are you doing?" He barked, in full Beta mode.
       "Sorry!" We said in unison. Valerie giggled at that as I defended us, "We went together! Never left the main trail!" 
        Jack just continued his angry stare. 
       He's not in a good mood.
      "Look! Flashlight." I raised the item in front of me, as if that'd help.
       Valerie snorted. 
        Jack didn't laugh but directed his unamused stare at me. "You're not a wolf, Sylvia."
       Ouch.
      "Is that supposed to be an insult?" I asked.
       Jack's face softened slightly, "No, never. But you can't defend yourself like we can. What would you have done if-"
        Val cut him off, "I would have protected her!" She tried to help.
        Jack turned to her, "You shouldn't have dragged her out there to begin with. You know better than that."
       Valerie lowered her head to her future Beta and mumbled an apology. She went ahead, making her way inside as she peered back at me.
        Sighing, I kept walking. "We never left our territory, Jack. Didn't even go close to the border at all. Relax."
         "No, I'm not going to relax." He snapped at me, "You need to remember what you are!"
         I whipped my head towards him, "What? Weak? Breakable? Less than a wolf?"
        Jack rubbed his face, "I didn't mea-"
        "Then what did you mean?"
        "Goddess, Sylvia! Just don't be dumb! Can you try thinking before you act?! For once?"
     I stared at him for a moment, taken aback at his outburst. "You're a jerk." I said simply before walking away.
       "I'm not done with you!" He called after me.
       "Yes, you are!" I yelled back.
        I stomped towards the pack house, but quickly remembered the meeting that was taking place. Not wanting to risk being scolded twice, I quickly redirected my steps to the little shed for the second time that day.
        I climbed into my comfy chair and crossed my arms. Idiot brother. What the hell is his problem? I thought to myself. Feeling something hard where I was sitting, I reached under myself to find the object. My book? I must've left it earlier. 
         Earlier, with Alarick.. I quickly opened the novel and desperately flipped to the right page. I didn't want to think about him. And I didn't want to think about Jack. 
       Something warm brushed my cheek. Sighing, I slowly stirred before blinking the sleep from my eyes. 
        Alarick was squatting in front of me.
       On a porch. On a porch?
        Oh, the shed porch. Why am I on the shed porch again?
         I looked around slowly and felt the forgotten book in my lap.
         "I fell asleep." I said as I looked at the man currently invading my personal space.
         "You did." His hand rested on the arm of my chair while the other laid on his knee.
          Sitting up, I brought my legs down off the chair and in front of myself, brushing up against his own as I did so. His hand shot out to my knee, stopping the action.
       I looked up at his close face, feeling myself blush. "Sorry." I muttered quietly.
         He didn't answer, like usual. Just stared at me, like usual. There was a heavy silence around us, as I fiddled with my book in my lap.
      "Why did you sleep out here?" He finally spoke.
       "Ah." My head shot up, "I didn't want to go inside and interrupt the meeting." I said simply.
     "The front door isn't near the office." He said.
      I paused. "Well... You know, Werewolf hearing and all.." I countered weakly.
       "Sylvia." he murmured my name in a low voice.
       When did his hand start rubbing my knee?
       "What?" 
        "You look upset." He told me slowly.
        "I'm not upset." I lied. Jack's cold words still remained in my mind.
      "You're not being honest with me." 
      I frowned up at him. His eyes were dancing all over my face. Meeting my eyes for a moment, to travel up to my hair, across my cheeks and back to my gaze.
      His hand was still on my knee as he stared at me. His thumb rubbing warm tingling circles into my skin. It felt good, hypnotic almost.
      "Why are you here?" I whispered, watching his hand trace my knee. 
       Alarick didn't answer me as he continued to watch me. He seemed a lot closer than he was two minutes ago. Again, my heart was racing in my chest at his closeness.
       I watched him as he closed his eyes and inhaled deeply through his nose, ever so slightly leaning in closer to me.
       "Alarick." I said in a hushed tone.
        His eyes slowly reopened as he met my gaze with his own. "Sylvia.." He said my name in such a deep voice, I almost didn't hear it.
      This suddenly felt like... too much. I quickly stood from my chair and within half of a second, he was standing in front of me too. 
      "I'm going.." I trailed off as I passed him.
      His arm quickly darted out to grab my own, pulling me hard to his chest. "Don't run."
      I gasped at the sudden action and stared up at him. He took a quick step forward, roughly pushing me up against the wall of the shed and pressing our bodies together. He pushed his leg between my own as he lowered his head down to my neck. 
       I was shocked at his movement. I was even more shocked at how pleasant it felt. And I was even more so shocked at the fact that I didn't want to move away from him.
        His nose pressed into my neck and I gasped again. His actions had me frozen to my spot. I could feel all of him, pressing further into me. He grazed his nose along my jaw as he exhaled slowly, his eyelashes brushing against my cheek as he did so.
      Goddess above...
       My breaths were coming out in pants at this point. His arm still held my own between our chests and the other just barely trailed up and down my side, so slowly. I felt his breath tickle my neck.
        "Um," I took a deep and needed shaky breath, "Alarick?" I huffed out. 
       "Sylvia." He growled into my neck, lightly brushing his lips on my sensitive skin. "Sylvia" I barley heard my name being spoken a second time.
        I couldn't feel my legs, I'm pretty sure he was holding me up. My head felt dizzy and his touch was making my mind go blank.
        "I, I was going to, um.." I couldn't even finish a sentence clearly as he dragged his nose up my neck and behind my ear, inhaling deeply into my hair.
       Oh Goddess...
       "Oh.." I breathed out. Alarick immediately responded with a low growl.
       "St....stop. Stop it." I stuttered weakly and pushed against his hold on me.
        He didn't budge. If anything, his grip on my arm tightened and his other arm firmly connected to my back. I almost moaned at the feeling of being held in his arms like this.
       What am I doing.? Get it together!
       Finally gathering some of my lost common sense, I pulled my arm harder, trying to escape his snake like hold on me.
       I felt his body vibrate as he growled lowly.
       "Alarick." I spoke clearly.
        His body tensed against my own and he ever so slightly pulled back. I had to turn and crane my head to meet his gaze. 
     "I... I have to go." I muttered out, feeling weak under his intense stare.
       Still, he didn't let go of me. But when I tugged my arm again, his grip lightened just enough for me to pull away. 
       I stepped to the side, never breaking eye contact with him. He stood there, completely unmoving except his eyes to follow my form. I quickly turned and jogged towards the house.
        What.
        What?
        What the hell was that?   


Part 12

     
        Part of me wanted to girly squeal and jump around. The other part wanted to forget it even happened. I couldn't stop replaying the scene in my mind. The way his body felt against me, his big hands holding me in place. My mind felt fuzzy and my cheeks reddened just thinking about it. 
        So I didn't.
       It was a challenge, a massive one, but I forced all Alarick related thoughts from my mind. Blasting music, I jumped into the shower and cleaned myself. Then I immediately changed and brushed my teeth. I didn't give myself one second of peace. 
         I knew that if I stopped for one moment, it'd all come flooding back. And for some reason, I did not want that to happen.
        I went to bed tired and overwhelmed. Climbing into the covers and settling in, I immediately closed my eyes. I wanted to fall asleep fast, no thinking about Alarick. No thinking about the shed porch. No thinking about stupid Jack and his harsh words.
        Just sleep.
         My eyes shot open and I groaned. Another bad dream and a restless sleep of tossing and turning. Like most times, I don't remember any clear details of the dream. Just that same general scene as usual: a crying woman, screaming my ear off and leaving an awful feeling in my gut. Eventually, I gave up on sleeping, and started my day early.
          I dressed for the cold weather and gathered up some of my notebooks and borrowed textbooks before heading downstairs.
          "Hey Syl." Lila happily greeted me as she passed by in the hallway.
           "Morning." I half smiled back. Between the weird dream and lack of sleep, I wasn't in a great mood.
         I entered the kitchen and said my Good Monrings to my mother and a few pack members. 
       "Baenar pack today?" My Mother asked.
      I held up my bag, "Yep. I haven't been in a while."
     "A while being what, 5 days?" She teased.
     "I just like the class." I mumbled as she handed me a muffin and patted my hand.
      "I know you do, sweets. Drive careful please." She smiled and left the kitchen whilst speaking to her friend.
       Turning out of the crowded room, I anxiously made my way out the front door and right to my car. 
       "Hey!" 
        Halfway in my car, I looked up to see Jack running towards me, trying to get my attention.
       Stupid brother.
       I closed my door and started the car, looking straight ahead.
       "Awe, come on." He grumbling at my window as he tried the handle. "Oh, real mature, Syl!" 
       I glared at him through the window and turned on the radio.
      "Wha? What? Oh, Sylvia!" He exclaimed loudly, "What the heck!".
        I put the car in drive and glared him once more, for good measure. 
       "Sylvia!" He yelled at my window, "Open the door already!"
        I slowly and carefully drove away from him. As angry as I was, I didn't want to run over his feet. 
       Well. Okay, I definitely did want to run over his feet. But I didn't. Because that's wrong.
       Jack threw his hands up in the air as I drove away, clearly annoyed. Pfft, like he had any right to be upset. He didn't get screamed at and belittled in front of the Pack House for God and everyone to see. 
       Sighing as I drove, I rubbed my forehead. I just needed a mental break. Alarick and his strange actions were still being played in the back of my mind on a loop. Jack's cold words were still flashing through my head. And of course, the unpleasant sleep didn't help.
        Not wanting to think about all these negative things anymore, I focused on the little study room instead. I wonder if Mr.Drake will be in? I also thought of what I wanted to read today; I know Felix still had the book I've been trying to steal.
         Filling my head with plants helped the drive.  That, and music. Soon I found myself pulling into the Baenar Pack territory, and parking in their guest area. 
         I exited the car, dragging all my books with me as I entered the house.
     "Another lesson?" Alpha Ray smiled as he walked past me.
     "Hello, Alpha Ray." I greeted him and smiled, "Yes, I'll just be in the study room for a class."
     "Have fun." He said simply as he answered a phone call and disappeared down the long hallway.
        I entered the room and dumped my items on a table, greeting Mr.Drake and Izzie as I did so. We all spoke for a while before taking out our notes and textbooks. Mr.Drake happily answered any and all of our questions we had as we studied, and I listened with curiosity as Izzie explained her current project. 
        "I often get headaches when I shift, so much that it's become quite a hindrance." She explained, "So I know the chamomile and Greeyer's leaves will work to relax the senses naturally. But I need to make the substance thicker than what it is now. When I shift I'm obviously covered in fur, and that acts as a thick shield for my skin, where I need the substance to soak through-"
         Mr. Drake listened to her dilemma as he rubbed his chin dramatically, and I observed the pair, anxious to hear his reply.
         The day carried on like this. Eventually Izzie was happy with her work and Mr.Drake's suggestions. Then, Felix soon arrived and I immediately started hounding on him for that book he's been hogging. When Gabriel and Andrew entered and settled down, Mr. Drake went to the front of the room.
          "Children! Children!" He shouted.
         "Mr. Drake the youngest person here, is like 17-" Andrew said.
        "Listen up, kiddos!" Mr. Drake cut him off and we quieted down. "So, you little weirdos have done nothing but impress me with your devotion to the magical world of plants." He waved his arms around as he continued, "There is a pack called Greycove. Some of you may know of them, located far up north. Quiet, closed off bunch, but they know their stuff. Massive botanical gardens and greenhouses. And I mean massive. These massive gardens, however, need a mother!"
         The room was filled with silence.
        "What?" Asked Felix.
         Mr. Drake repeated himself, "A Mother! The plants in Greycove need a Mother! And their Pack is searching for one."
      Another long silence.
      Gabriel finally raised his hand, "Are you saying Greycove is looking for someone to tend the gardens and greenhouses..?" He trailed off in question.
        "How the hell did you figure that out?" Andrew asked with a chuckle.
         "Yes! Yes, sweet Gabriel, there is a position available there! A full time, highly paid might I add, position as a Plant Specialist. The Alpha of this pack took note of our little study group here, and personally offered the job to any of my little minions." He hopped on the room as he spoke, "Which is a massive compliment!"
        Felix was first to comment, "But some of us are still in school.." he said.
        "Ahh, yes. Dreaded high school. Drop it, nobody needs that." 
        Felix shook his head at his teacher, as Mr. Drake looked to Izzie. Finally, she spoke up, "Well, I actually.. I can't."
         We all just stared at her, waiting for an explanation. 
         She blushed and looked down, "I just can't! I have stuff."
        Felix jumped up and pointed at her, "It's a boy! It's a boy, I can tell!" Izzie started arguing with him as the rest of us giggled.  
          Mr.Drake groaned and looked to the boys, eyebrows raised.
         "Don't look at us, we're pack warriors." Andrew laughed as he nudged Gabriel.
         "I didn't know that." I commented and looked over at Gabriel, who rubbed the back of his neck and smiled.
          "Sylvia!" Mr. Drake yelled. 
           I whipped my head towards him and stared. "Well, I can't. I'm not even supposed to be here." I chuckled.
         "Wha?" 
         "Well I gotta go home soon."
         "Home?" He asked.
          I nodded, "Yeah, I gotta go home. I'm not apart of this pack." 
         My teacher stared at me for a long moment before answering, "Huh?" He said.
          The class giggled as I continued, "Mr. Drake, I'm from Blackwater... I'm not apart of Baenar."
          "What? Why?" he asked.
          "What do you mean why?" I said. 
          "What the hell is going on!" He threw his hands in the air, exasperated. "You're all horrible! Very bad students! Bad!"
           We laughed and began to wrap up the class, Mr. Drake pouting in the corner as he stacked up books. Izzie and I chatted as we slowly gathered our things.
          "That does sound cool though, being a Plant Specialist.." she trailed off and smiled. "Can you imagine getting paid to do what you love? Everyday?" She sighed.
          "Why don't you take it, Iz?" I nudged her arm.
         She blushed again, "Because! Because... I met someone.." Her grin stretched across her face.
         I copied her smile, "Ohhhh, boyfriend?"
        She looked up at me and whispered, "Mate!"
        I gasped, "Really?"
        Izzie nodded excitedly, "Oh Sylvia, he's so dreamy. And kind. And intelligent. He's going to be our next Head Pack Doctor!"
         Izzie and I spent a good half hour talking about her bright future with her newfound mate.
         "Well I guess that's a good reason to stay, huh?" I sighed happily for her.
          "Yours wasn't..."
          I looked up at her, "Huh?"
          "Yours wasn't a solid excuse! In our pack or not, you're apart of the class.." she trailed off.
           I laughed, "I guess. But the Alpha offered it to Baenar pack members-"
            She cut me off, "Not necessarily!" Izzie smiled and poked my arm, "Just ask Mr.Drake about it, worth a shot. Besides, no one in the class is as into this subject as you. It's a little worrying." She joked.
        "Ha, ha. You're funny." I teased, "Maybe.. I'll sleep on it." I told her truthfully. 
        "It does sound lovely. Working as a plant specialist? In a botanical garden? Massive greenhouses? Ugh, and with the high pay!"
        She has a point, that does sound like a dream opportunity..
        "And you wouldn't have to work in some low pay gross human school to follow your dream of botany!" Izzie said excitedly.           I smiled and nodded.
          She gasped and covered her mouth, "Oh Sylvia, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean it lik-"
           I quickly cut her off, "No, no worries, Iz! I get what you mean."
          "Im sorry, Sy-"           I stood up and put a book onto the shelf, "Really! I know what you're trying to say. And you're right, it sounds like a once in a lifetime opportunity..." I trailed off, "It's just big, ya know? Moving to a new pack. And starting a full time job."
          She nodded with me, "It's a lot to think about."
          "Yeah....A lot to think about." I agreed.


Part 13

       Hello, my little readers!! Thank you for choosing my poo poo story, here is a head pat from the sucky author!                                 ( o _O)＼(^- ^ )                               you.          Me.
         I spent the long drive home thinking. Not about Alarick, not about Jack, and not about the dreams. Just about the Greycove Plant Specialist position.
         Maybe this is what I need. Maybe this is the answer. Maybe completely submersing myself into the world of Botany, is what I need to do right now. After all, I do feel most relaxed with my nose in a textbook, absorbing the information like a sponge. And that knowledge stays fresh in my mind, like it was always meant to be there. 
         When I'm studying a plant, digging in the soil and studying roots, or even just reading about them, everything else goes away for a little while. It's like this is what I was meant to do, as silly as it may sound. 
          The more I thought about the unique offer, the more excited I got. I was scared, but excited. 
         Could I really do something like this?          Would Dad ever allow it?
          I mean, it's high pay, free room and board, a job I'm beyond passion about, and greenhouses and gardens?
            It sounds like a dream.
          I finally pulled into my usual parking spot at home. I felt better, surprisingly enough. Even though I had this new massive decision to make, I somehow felt lighter and clear-minded.
           I stepped out of my car, and couldn't help but look over at the faraway shed. I sighed and allowed myself to think about him. Just for a little..
          I wonder what he's doing right now.           If I focused hard enough, I could still remember the strange feeling of his hand on mine,  his breath on my face. Just the thought of it made me blush. 
          I walked to the house, watching my feet as went. Would I ever see him again? I don't even know where he's from...
          I shook my head at my inner thoughts. He's not mine, and I barely know him. He was just flirting, is all. Probably saw me sleeping on the porch and thought I was dead. He was being a gentleman! Making sure I was alive. I need to drop it already.
          Suddenly arms flew around my waist, pulling me out of my thoughts and off the ground.
          The person was speaking in my ear, but I couldn't hear them over my own screaming. 
         My heart was hammering in my chest as I started kicked and jerking my body around in their arms. Someone was speaking, but I kept screaming, too panicked and focused on getting away. 
         Suddenly, we crashed to the ground hard and the strong arms left me.
          I looked up at my pack member, who I recognized as Jared. He stood over me in a protective stance, growling at the figure laying several feet away from me.
          "Goddess! Its just me! It's me, dammit!" The figure sat up, holding their bloodied shoulder. My eyes focused on the person on the ground.
          "Jack.." I breathed out.
         "B-Beta Jack!" Jared's eyes were wide with horror. "I'm so sorry. I-" he looked down at the grass where I sat, "I heard the screams and saw someone on Sylvia a-and-"
          Jack stood up slowly, investigating his injury. "No, you were just protecting your pack. S'alright..."
         "Oh man.. I really didn't know it wa-" Jared started apologizing.
         "No. It's alright, Jared. You did well. You can go." Jack said to him.
         Jared kindly helped me up off the ground, before nodding his head quickly and heading back to the house.
        My brother looked to me, uncertain. "My bad..." he chuckled. "Are you okay?"
        I was not amused. "Goodness, Jack...", I took a few deep breaths and collected myself, "You deserve that." I nodded to his injured shoulder.
        Jack's smiled dimmed, "I do." He joined my side as I started to walk away.
        "I was just trying to say sorry. For the other night. I lost my cool, Syl. Should not have yelled at you like that." He spoke the words quickly.
        "What ever happened to just calling my name? Did you have to freaking manhandle me? You scared the hell out of me just now.." I grumbled grumpily.
        Jack laughed, "Well you did everything right! Screaming and making a scene, getting the attention of other people instead of fighting an attacker-"
         My glare cut him off. "Okay! Okay. No more manhandling, I promise." He said lightly.
         "You say for now." I muttered.
       Jack nudged my side as we went, "Hey, I am sorry though. It's just, we were talking about all the rouges, and then I couldn't find you-"
       "We have rouges?!" I asked him.
       "What? No-"
       "You just said 'all the rouges'." I said.
        "Well, yeah. No, I mean they might be rouges-"
       "Might be!? What are they?!" 
       "Agh. I dunno, probably rouges! Here and there, nothing for you to worry about.." he trailed off.
        My heart thumped in my chest at that.
        Jack threw his arm around me, "Hey, don't worry! You're surrounded by your wolves. You're fine, little sis." I didn't respond. "And see how Jared protected ya? You're safest here, with us." He smiled.
         I don't want to be here though.
        I thought of the Greycove job.
         "Where are they? The rouges?" I asked.
         "Ah.. Syl, it's nothing. No rouges."
         "Jack.. tell me." I said, annoyed.
         "They're not even really rouges! It's-"
        "Not rouges? So what? What are they?" I asked, getting more worried.
        "Sylvia. Honestly, it's nothing for you to focus on. That's not the point, I came here to apologize to ya." He said firmly.
         I stared at him for a moment, taken aback at his serious tone. 
         Since when does he keep secrets from me..?
         "Alright... Well I forgive you. Don't yell at me like that again though.. Beta or not." I added while I shoved his arm off me.
          Jack laughed as we entered the house. 
         "This is revenge." I said as a warning.
         He looked at me, confused before realizing what I was about to do. "Don't, seriou-"
          I cut him off, "Mom! Jack is hurt!" I yelled.
          Immediately, footsteps came pounding down the stairs as I backed away from the scene that was about to unfold.
          "My baby?!" My mother flew into the room, wide eyed. Her eyes landed on Jack and she gasped. "Oh! Jackie! Oh, no!"
          "Thanks a lot." He said to me.
           More people entered the room as my Mother panicked over her son's very minor  injury. Chuckling, I tiptoed up the stairs and into my room. Serves him right. 
            I snuggled into my bed and started to read a book, but closed it after a minute. I sighed, thinking back to the job opportunity. I couldn't sit still with this idea bouncing around my head. Maybe I'll just talk to Dad about it and see how he feels about the idea.. No harm in that, right? He should be finishing his dinner now anyways..
           As soon as I settled into my bed, I leapt right back out and into the hall. Poking my head into the dinning room, I found pack members eating and chatting, but no Dad. 
          Must be in his study. 
          I headed down the opposite hallway and approached his the door to his office, which was slightly ajar.
         "-I don't care. I don't care and I want them gone. Now. Either you deal with it, or I'll do it my wa-" he stopped and turned in his chair, looking at me halfway through his door. "We'll discuss the matter once you've dealt with it. Goodbye."
          My father rubbed his forehead as he hung up. "Sorry, wasn't sure if you were busy..." I said.
         "Never too busy for you, flower." He smiled up at me, "Did you need me?"
        I sat down in one of his office chairs, "Actually, yes. I just wanted your opinion on something, I guess."         "Hmm?" He fluttered through stacks of papers as he muttered. "Did you take your vitamins today?"
         I frowned, "Yeah, like always...." I continued, "So, Mr.Drake, my teacher, discovered a job offer..."
        My father looked up at me and then back down, "Ah, you want to start working?".
         I nodded, "I suppose. But I especially want this job, Dad. It's just, it's big. In another pack."
         He stared at me for a brief moment before taking off his glasses and sitting up, "Another pack, you say? How far away is it?"
         I furrowed my brows at his strange question. "Um... I'm not sure how far away exactly, it's a place called Greycove." I nodded to myself, "Up north. Anyway, it's a Plant Specialist position. High paying and free room and board!"
         He leaned back in his chair and listened to me, "I can confidently say I've found my passion, Dad. I really have. The subject brings me so much joy. And I'm really good at it, I'm very smart and-"
         "Sylvia, I know that you're smart, my girl. And I surely have noticed the change in you since you've started these classes."
          I paused, "The change in me?".
          Dad laughed lightly, "Of course. You've been so absorbed into those books. You seem happy, doing what you're doing. And nothing makes a Father happy, like seeing his pup happy." He grinned.
          His sweet words tugged my heart. "However, you're right. This is big. There are a lot of details that would need to be discussed in depth."
         "Oh, of course!" I agreed quickly, "I know this isn't a small decision, I just didn't know if you'd even like it-"
         "I do. I do like this idea." He looked at me from across his desk. "I know Greycove. I've only met the Alpha once, just the other day actually, but the pack is known for their integrity. You will love their land." he smiled at me.
        For a moment I stared at him, shocked at his agreement. 
         Wow. I was expecting to put up a lot more of a fight than this...
         "Really?!" I leaned forward, "You wouldn't mind if I took it?" I asked.          "You're becoming an adult Sylvia. You know what will make you happy. And I trust your decisions."
           My father got up and hugged me tight. I hugged him back and leaned into his embrace. My heart jumped in excitement at what was to come. 
         Was I really doing this?
         And was it all really coming together so easily..?


Part 14

     
          My Father and I spent a brief amount of time in his office, discussing the details of my possible job. Honestly, I wanted to talk about it more, but he strangely ushered me out, reassuring me that everything would be fine. The more we spoke about it, the realer it started to feel. 
            I'm really doing this..
            Excitement still coursed through my body as I practically skipped down the hall. I wanted to learn all I could about this pack. How many people are there? Father mentioned they were larger than us. And how far is it? I know they're about 13 hours up north, meaning colder weather for sure. Also meaning less visits home..
            My mind was going 100 miles a minute. No way I'm going to sleep at a proper time tonight. I entered my room, wrapping up the night, and attempted to dive back into my book. 
           "I don't want this!" The now familiar woman's voice snapped, angry. "You can't! No!" 
           As always, I found nothing but darkness surrounding me. By now I was used to these eerily vivd dreams of darkness, so I didn't bother panicking. I knew to just listen to the strange voices around me.
           "You're distraught and in no position to make decisions." An older woman's voice answered back angrily.
     Silence filled the space around me as I waited for more.
       "I will never forgive you. If you do this, I will hate you for as long as I live." The young woman said lowly, in a venom tone.
        "Child, that is something I can live with." The other voice replied.
          My eyes peeled open as I stirred in my bed. What a weird dream. Not that any of my dreams aren't weird lately. But this was the first time that it wasn't.... scary. 
          I sat up in my bed and briefly pondered the dream, curious about its new theme. It was as though the older woman was doing something that the younger woman was protesting..Strange.
           Grateful for the 'nightmare-free' sleep, I rushed to get ready for my day. I already planned on going to the Baenar pack and speaking with Mr.Drake today, so I wanted an early start. I quickly dressed and finished in the bathroom, grabbing my bag as I practically ran down the stairs.
          "Easy!" An older pack member scolded me as I flew into the kitchen. 
           "Slow down, Sylvia." Leo joined in on the scolding as he drank his coffee with an arm wrapped around his mate. 
          "Any reason you're sprinting throughout the house at 7:45am?" Lila chirped with a smile.
         "I'm going to go study! Just wanna get on the road." I grabbed a banana and muffin and raced towards the door.
      "How long will you be gone today?" Leo asked.
      "I don't know, probably all day. It's a long drive." I said to him. "Why?"
     He nodded lost in thought before smiling at me, "Just wondering, have fun."
      Huh.
      "Okay, see you guys later." Lila blew air kisses at me as I left the house and jumped into my car.
       3 and a half hours later, I pulled into the guest parking section on Baenar territory. I practically flew out of the car, anxious to see Mr.Drake. With my bag on my shoulder, I entered the house and greeted the somewhat familiar faces. Reaching the study room, I peaked in and saw Mr.Drake at his desk.
        "Mr.Drake?" 
        He head flew upward, "Ah, Sylvia! Here to fill you head with knowledge?" He asked excitedly.
        I laughed, "Always. But I also wanted discuss the Greycove position with you..." I trailed off as I set my bag onto a table.
         Mr. Drake raised his eyebrows, "You're interested? Oh, wonderful Sylvia!".
        "Well, I wanted to know more information about it. And the pack I'd be staying in. That is, if I get the job."
         "If? There's no if, kiddo. The Alpha clearly offered the job to any of my students." Mr. Drake stood from his chair, "But I'm glad it's you! Oh, you're going to do great things, I can feel it."
        I laughed again. Seems like he's more excited than me, but I doubt that's possible. "Well, I'd want to really gather as many details as I can before agreeing to-"
         "Say no more! Ask away." He leaned forward to put his elbows on his knees, with his hands cradling his face.       "Okay.. Um, what do you know about the pack? Greycove?" I asked.
        "Greycove. Strong. Quiet. Keep to themselves. Large in number. Peace treaty in place. Loyal. Neutral. Next question."
         "Oh. Alright. Uh, you mentioned free room and board earlier, right?"         "Free room and board! The plant specialist would be offered a small house on the far left area of their territory, near the greenhouses. Next question."
         I blinked. "Wow. Okay, so furniture and-"
        "Already covered and provided. Next question." He said.
         "So the job would entail daily duties like-"
         "Monitoring, documenting, and studying the plant and herb growth and mutations. Occasionally assisting in the labs. Maintaining the two large greenhouses and three gardens surrounding said greenhouses."
         "Cool." I breathed out.
         "We've been sending our own plants mutations and herbs to this pack for years. They've finally decided to create their own. And they need someone who's mastered the art, you, to take charge."
        "That's amazing. I'd spend my days tending to the plants? And creating new combinations among plant species?"
        Mr. Drake just smiled. "Next question."
       "What about the pay?"
        "Broken down? Ehhh, about 32 buckkos an hour, kid. Don't be an idiot and turn this down."
         Deep breath Sylvia.
         I looked up to my teacher. "Do you really think I'm capable of this?" I asked. 
          Mr.Drake's face turned serious. "Sylvia, you have only been here two months and have already outshined every one of my students. You have a true gift. Do not waste this, you hear me?"
         I smiled. That was the motivation I needed.
        "I wanna do it."
        He clapped his hands in the air, "Yes!"
        I joined him, "Yes!!!"
        I signed a few forms and documents, formally and officially accepting the job. After a surprisingly brief phone call with my Father in the hallway, I decided to commit to at least a year. 
        Mr.Drake showed me photos of Greycove and their gardens. From what I could tell, their land was beautiful and massive. Trees and greenery everywhere. For what seemed like the hundredth time that day, excitement courses through me.


Part 15

       
        "And that, is all the paperwork." Mr. Drake flopped the stack of papers onto his desk. "Now, when I turn these suckers into Alpha Ray's office, it's a done deal. One year commitment. You're sure?" He asked.
        I smiled and nodded. "Yes. I'm sure."         Mr.Drake smiled. "It'll be an amazing learning experience for ya, kid." He started the leave the room with a stack of papers and books. "I'll turn these in-"
        "Can I?" I asked. Something about the idea of finalizing the agreement myself felt symbolic to me.
        "Of course!" He handed me the papers and directed me to Alpha Rays office. "I'm heading home for the night, so don't destroy my study!" He turned to walk down the hall, "Proud of you kiddo!".        Mr.Drake's words warmed my heart, and I headed towards the office. I could hardly wipe the smile off my face, this was really happening. I stared at the photos of the territory in my hands, and daydreamed about the greenhouses and gardens. 
         The fact that I'd have my own little house away from the pack was a relief, to say the least. I could use it as my own little haven! Wouldn't have to worry about the awkwardness of living in the strange pack house or anything of the sort. And with the high income, I could build up my savings quickly. Mr.Drake also mentioned having long weekends off, meaning I could use that time as home visits!
       I smiled to myself. This is perfect.
       I'm so lucky.
       I knocked of the Aplha's office door and waited. 
      "Come in!"
       I slowly opened the door and greeted Alpha Ray. "I'm here to give you these Greycove forms.." I said to him from the doorway.
       "Ah, someone accepted the job!" He said to me from his desk.
        I nodded excitedly, "Yes sir. I committed to a year at least." 
        He came around the desk and took the papers from me, "Well then congratulations, Miss Sylvia." He smiled. "You're aware the position starts within a week?"       "Oh, wow. I didn't know that."
       "Will that be a problem for you?" He asked as he flipped through my papers.
        I thought for a moment, "I...I suppose not."
        Alpha Ray put my forms onto his desk and smiled again, "Wonderful. I'll contact Alpha Alarick right away. Thank you Sylvia."
       My feet froze to my spot.
        Alarick?
       Alpha Alarick.
       As in... my Alarick?
       Not my Alarick, the Alarick?
       Now you've done it Sylvia.
       "Sylvia?" 
        My head whipped up, "A-Ah, yes! Thank you, Alpha!" I exited quickly and sped walked down the hall.
         Don't tell me Alarick is the Alpha of Greycove.
         My mind was spinning. How could I have not figured this out sooner?! Of course, he was. That would explain why he was here a few days ago. And the job offer was announced just after his visit. Mr.Drake said the job was offered to his students, personally. 
         Oh Sylvia, you idiot!
         I wanted to slam my head into a door. 
         Any door. 
        No! No, I can't let this detail ruin the whole thing. It's not a big deal. I just had one weird flirty, neck-sniffing thing with the man. Once. One time. He probably does that a lot, being a young, attractive Alpha. Not a big deal, I need to relax. I doubt he even really remembers it at all! 
        I re-entered the study with my head still spinning. Why was I reacting so dramatically? It's not a big deal! Truly, not a big deal. 
         I won't even see him much, he's the Alpha. In charge of a entire pack, he won't be focusing on the strange new plant lady in the corner of his territory. And if I do run into him, I'll have my own little house to escape into! This is fine, I've gotta relax.
        You're not THAT important Sylvia.
        I chuckled as I mentally scolded myself for acting like one of the many Alpha fan-girls. It'll just be awkward is all. Not a big deal. I pulled out my books and quickly lost myself within the pages, anxious for an escape from my buzzing mind.
         Hours and books later, I pulled into my parking spot at home, smiling as I waved to a few pack members. I wanted to tell my Father about the job update and was anxious to find him. I exited my car and quickly went inside.
         "Where's my Dad?" I asked a pack member.
         "Office, I think!" They replied.
          I practically ran down the hall and stopped at his room, peaking my head inside the slightly opened door.
         "-leaving soon. I don't want her anywhere near this. Send out more border patrols. Have-, Sylvia, darling close the door." My dad looked up at me, eyes wide with his phone tucked to his chest.
       "Sorry." I whispered as I tugged the door shut. I spent a brief second pondering the overheard conversation. 
       Never a good sign when he's ordering out more border patrol..
      "Leo!" I called as I saw my brother pass the stairs.
       He looked tired and sleepy as he smiled at me, "Sylvia!" He teased.
      "Guess what?!" I asked him.
       Leo rubbed his eyes as he replied, "Let's see, you got a job at Greycove? As a plant specialist?"
      "Dad told you." I smiled.
       Leo gave me a big hug and ruffled my hair, "Proud of ya, sis. How exciting is that?"
      "So exciting! I just finalized everything today with Mr.Drake." I grinned.
      "That's amazing Sylvia." Leo patted my back and started down the hallway, "We'll celebrate before you leave this week!".
      I smiled and nodded as he left the hall. I was expecting him to ask more questions about it, but still felt happy about his excitement for me.
      But how did he know I was leaving this week?
     I slowed my walking as I thought about it. I'm sure I hadn't mentioned it to Dad yet. So how did Leo know that already?
       I looked over my shoulder to where he had disappeared too, furrowing my eyebrows in confusion. That's strange. I'll have to ask him about it soon.  I reassured myself that I had mostly likely mentioned it already, and hurried up the stairs.
        Flopping onto my bed, I messaged Izzie the news. She replied quickly, congratulated me with many emojis. I also told Valerie, who immediately called me, demanding an explanation. Her anger eventually turned into excitement for me, and we discussed all the future visits she would make before hanging up. 
      I need to tell Jack too..
      A knock at my door stopped my thoughts. 
     "Come in!" I called.
      Jack, as if on cue, barged into my room.
     "So when were ya gunna tell me about moving?" He said in a clipped voice.
      Here we go.
     "Obviously I was going to-"
     "Well you already told Leo!" He snapped. "And Dad! And that Valerie chick just told me in the hallway! Who the hell even is that?"
      That was quick.
      I rolled my eyes, "Oh come on, you know who she is, Jack."
     He just glared at me.
     "Aren't ya excited for me?!" I asked him.
     "I mean, yeah.." he trailed off while pacing my room back and forth.
     I stared at him in his flustered state and tried not to laugh.
     "It's just, how much do you know about this place? Isn't Greycove known for being freakishly quiet?!" Jack continued pacing back and forth.
      "I've been thinking about the offer for awhile.. and I discussed all the details with Dad! And my Teacher!" I defended.
     My brother sighed and he rubbed his face.
     "You're just angry cause you'll miss me!" I smiled at him.
      He scoffed before smiling and plopping down on my bed next to me, "I guess.." he paused for a moment. "I won't have my daily heart attack anymore."
      "Daily heart attack?" I asked.
       He looked up at me, "Yeah. From seeing your face in the morning."
       I smacked him in the face with my book, before he ran out of my room laughing. I swear, whoever his mate ends up being must be superwoman.


Part 16

     
        My Dad ended up surprising, no shocking me, by insisting I leave that very evening. Even stranger, Leo seemed to be onboard with my sudden departure from home as well.
       I looked at him from across the dinner table.
       "T-Tonight?" I laughed lightly, "Why? Alpha Ray said anytime this week, even next week would be fine." I told him.
         "But aren't you too excited to wait that long? I can't wait to see their territory when we help move you in." Leo added.
         "I suppose so. Would that be okay? Arriving so soon..." I said.
        "Not at all, honey. Anytime this week." My father smiled.
        "Oh. Well it'll be a lot of work, I haven't even started packing."
        "That's what brothers are for." Leo added with a smile.
       I was silent for a moment, confused about the situation. "Alright..." I muttered, "You guys know that the position doesn't start for another week, right?" I asked.
       My Dad waved his hand as he ate his food, "I know, sweetie. It's better this way, you'll have time to settle in and explore the new environment before starting work."
       I nodded my head at his words, "That's true.." I trailed off.
       I looked over at Lila, who was strangely seated away from Leo. She briefly looked up at me and winked with an encouraging grin. I frowned, easily seeing through her fake smile.
       Why is there so much tension here...?
       I tried to to lighten the weird atmosphere by changing the subject, "Where's Jack?" I asked. "I don't think I've ever seen him willingly skip food!" I joked.
        Leo cleared his throat before answering, "He's not a fan of you leaving, is all." He said.
        "He's not a fan of her this suddenly." Lila chimed, in a clipped voice.
        An awkward silence filled the air as we ate. 
       "Well, Jackie's always been quiet protective of ya, flower." My Dad smiled at me.
       I laughed, "Yeah, kinda.."
       The rest of the meal was filled with forced light, cheerful conversation. Strangely cheerful. After finishing my food, I excused myself from the table and headed to my room to begin packing. Lila was quick to leave her seat and follow me, despite Leo's plea for her to finish the meal with him. 
       "Are you two fighting?" I whisper to her as we climb the stairs.
      Lila smiled, "No! Just complicated mate stuff." She giggled. "I'll spare you the details."
      I frowned as she raced up the staircase ahead of me.
     I don't buy that for a second.
     We entered my room and Lila went straight to work in my closet. I flopped on the bed dramatically before turning around to watch her ransack my wardrobe.
       "....you need warmer clothing while you're staying there. Even in the summer, their temperatures are still cooler compared to-"
      "Lila." 
      "I haven't seen you wear this." She said accusingly while turning to me.
     I raise my eyebrows at the plain brown sweater in her hands.
      I shrugged, which made her "tsk" and turn back to my clothes.
      "Lila." I tired again.
     "Hmm?" She replied as she pulled out my suitcases.
     "Why do Leo and my Father want me to leave tonight?" I asked her. "That's.. Thats weird, right?"
     If I wasn't already watching her so closely, I probably would have missed the slight twitch in her hand.
     She shook her head slightly and remained facing my closet.
     "You heard your Father, there's lots to explore before starting your job. It'll be nice, now there's no rush to figure out where everything is-"
     "Ugh, come on Lila!" I groaned at her attempt of a cover-up. "Tell me honestly! It's painfully obvious that there's something I don't know.."
     She was quiet before looking over her shoulder at me for a moment and smiling slightly. "Nothing can ever get by you, huh?" 
      "Nope. Never." I teased.
       Lila sighed before folding the clothes and coming to sit by me. She took one of my hands in her own as she spoke. 
      "As Leo and I come closer and closer to becoming the leaders of this pack, we're starting to become more involved in classified pack matters." She said. "I'm not going to lie, it's been very stressful lately." 
     "Classified pack matters.." I echoed.
     She nodded her head. "Details the Alpha, Luna, Beta, Elders and Head Warriors discuss in private. Dealings with outsiders, rouges, neighboring packs, treaties, those sorts of things.."
     I thought about her words for a moment. "So... there's a lot going on right now?" I asked her.
    Lila just smiled softly and sighed.
    "That the pack doesn't really know about.. because it's classified pack matters." I trailed off. 
     We sat in a comfortable silence for a few minutes, lost in our own thoughts.
     "That's why. Why I'm being urged to leave tonight?" I stated. "There are things going on I don't know about, and my Father doesn't want me around while it's happening." 
       She looks towards me with a slight concern, "You know that I shouldn't be telling you this. But I don't want you heading off into this new place thinking that we're pushing you out. I wish I had more time with you before you leave. But.."
     I nodded my head. I knew exactly what Lila was thinking. "But this is what my Dad and Leo have already decided." I finished. 
      I guess that's why Jack is upset, maybe he doesn't agree with the decision..
       Lila sighed. "Sometimes I think he's too quick to make decisions, especially when it comes to protecting his pack."
     I laughed, "My Father or Leo?" 
     She smiled again, "Both." 
       Lila spent a few hours in my room helping me pack. I appreciated her revealing the truth to me about why I'm leaving so soon. Even if she had to leave out some major details due to the confidentiality. 
        I'll just have to trust that my not knowing is for the best. If I needed to know more, they'd tell me... Right?
         I forced myself to not dive into the "What if's" and 'worst case scenario's of it all. My Father and Leo believe it's best that I go now. I'll leave it at that. Because I trust them, and they know what they're doing. And honestly right now, my mind is already crammed with worrying thoughts as it is. Why add to the collection?
         After just one hour, my room was just about packed up. Larger items, like my bed, dresser and desk had to stay. Valerie, and several other friends would poke their head every now and then and even help for a while. But Lila stayed the entire time, often stopping her work to remind me how much she'll miss me.
         "Wow." I breathed out. "Looks so naked in here." I said, looking around my bare room.
        Lila laughed, "It almost looks like a guest room now." She smiled.
        I smiled sadly. It was slowly becoming more real that I was leaving, right now. Tonight.
    Lila layer her head on my shoulder. "I'm so excited for you. But sad. In a selfish way." She looked up to me, "You're going to learn so many new things." 
    Her words made me smile. She's right.


Part 17

             Jack finally made a silent appearance as we were carrying boxes down the stairs and into the SUV. I only had about 9 boxes, so the car was filled and ready to go pretty fast. And I knew he was in a foul mood due to the lack of teasing and jokes coming from him. 
         "You're driving with us, right?" I asked him hopefully.
         "Of course I am." He said as he walked by.
          My Dad repeated the directions to my brothers for the fifth time, while my Mom hugged me tight.
         "You have your phone and know every single one of our numbers. I expect daily phone calls! Or text messages. Or snappys."
         "Do you mean Snapchats?" I asked.
         "Those too! Send some of the Snapchat's too!" She teared up as my Dad joined us. 
        "Ready, flower?" He smiled down at me.
        "I think so." I grinned.
        "We'll miss ya so much, kiddo." 
        "Video calls every week." He reminded me again. "Vitamins every day."
         I hugged my parents for the millionth time and turned to Val. Just like my Mom, she made me swear to keep her updated with calls and messages. It was a little hard getting into the car and walking away from them. 
         Leo sat in driver seat, kissing Lila through the rolled down window. Jack was rolling his eyes at the pair from the backseat.
         "Losing precious time, brother." He said in a cold voice. 
         The tension between the twins was obvious and rare. Leo glared at him in the review mirror as he pulled away from his mate, who then ran over to my window.
          Lila hugged me tight and then shut my door. "You'll call? About anything and everything, right Sylvia?" She said.
          I smiled and nodded, understanding what she was hinting at. The dreams.
       "Love you, Lil." I told her.
        Her face softened, "I love you more, sis. Leonardo, drive slow. Jack, make him use the GPS." She scolded.
         Leo muttered something about "knowing how to get there" as Lila backed away from the car, waving sadly.
        "Aaaand we're off." He smiled.
      Kill me now.
      Two hours into the drive and the boys were making jabs at each other every chance they had. Well, I guess most of it was Jack antagonizing Leo. Something really crawled up his ass. That something, being Dad and Leo's decision of me leaving today rather next week.
       "If you had gone my route we'd be halfway by now." Jack said angrily.
        Leo gripped the wheel tighter and responded in a calm, clipped voice "I told you. Dad gave us a route to follow already."
        "Ahh, right. Whatever Daddy says." Jack jabbed back. "Never mind, we'll do whatever he thinks is best."
         Honestly at this point, I'm pretty sure they've both forgotten I'm even here. I hadn't spoken in at least an hour.
         "Jack. Watch it." 
         "Yes Alpha." He retorted.
          Leo growled. 
          I decided to busy myself while they fought, might as well keep myself entertained. Pulling out my bag, I reached in to find the small baggie Mr.Drake has given me before I left.
          The twins kept arguing.         "Man, you're gunna be an Alpha soon. When will you make your own decisions? Not just what Dad suggests you should do." Jack continued. "You don't have to agree with everything he does."
       "Well what would you have done, Beta?!" 
       "Not ship her ass away!" Jack yelled.
       I opened the bag to look at the little seeds inside. He said they were called Trexions, another rare moss type plant found in Fae territories. I held the small brown seeds in my palm and rolled them around. Apparently they had extraordinary healing properties.
          "Oh, okay. You're right. Let's keep her here, in the middle of the coming madness. That's a good idea." Leo replied sarcastically.
          "Family stays together." Jack growled out.
           "No, family looks out for each other."
           I wonder how to plant these suckers. Mr.Drake didn't give me much information on them.. Maybe they're similar to Jaxes moss?
          "You call this looking out for each other?" Jack yelled from the back seat.
        "Ow, my ears." I said.
        "Yes! Yes, I fucking do!" Leo yelled back.
         "What are you gunna do when you're Alpha and there's a threat? Ship away the whole fucking pack?!" 
         "LEO!" I screamed out. 
          Something large darted into the road, and stopped directly in front of the car. The tires screeched loudly as I screamed, feeling the car tip to the side when Leo harshly jerked the wheel. 
          I peeled my eyes open after a few seconds. The hood of the car was smoking and crushed into some trees that were lining the road. One branch had even broken through the windshield, explaining the glass pieces in my lap. A dreadful ringing sounded through my head.
         Goddess, my head kills.
         "-via?" Leo grabbed my shoulders and, judging by his mouth, was trying to speak to me. But the ringing in my ears was still slowly dying down.
         "-ou okay? Can you hear me?" His muffled voice asked frantically.
        My head cleared up a bit and I looked up and nodded at him, "Yeah." 
        "Jack, go check it out." Leo ordered and Jack flew out of the car, all earlier tensions forgotten.
        "Are you okay?" He asked me again.
      "My head hurts." I replied honestly. "We crashed? Into the trees?"
        "Shit...shit." Leo uttered. "Stay here."
        I held my throbbing head with my hand and watched my brothers go out and scan the forest around us. Jack was crouched down, staring at something on the ground while Leo investigated the woods behind him. 
      What are they looking for?
       My heart was pounding from the adrenaline and I slowly started to make sense of what was happening around me. I brought my hand away from my head and saw a small amount of blood smeared in it. 
       That's great.. that's just great.
       My other hand was still fisted shut around the little seeds and I sighed.
      At least I didn't drop them..
       I unclenched my hand and gasped. 
      Each little brown seed I held had budded, with a fresh little green stem poking out of each shell. 
       What the hell?
       I didn't have time to comprehend it before Jack re-entered the car. 
       "Oh shît, Sylvia. Your head's bleeding." He said to me.
       I looked up from my palm, "Huh? Oh. Yeah I saw that." I answered.
       "No, it's really bleeding. Don't move." 
        Only then did I feel the warm liquid dripping down the side of my face.
        Jack retrieved the small first aid kit from the trunk and was wiping the cut near my hairline. 
         "Why the fuck.... Leo, why the fuck didn't her airbag deploy?" Jack called out.
          "What?" Leo joined us in the car. 
           "Yours went off. Why didn't hers? Why is your seatbelt undone?" Jack questioned, holding a cotton gauze to my head.
          "No... No, I'm sure I had buckled it.. I always wear my buckle." I looked down near my hip to see that it was in fact undone.
          This is bizarre.. Maybe I really wasn't wearing it?
          No... No, I'm positive that I was.
          The boys were silent for a few moments before Leo spoke.
        "Here." He said gently as he handed me a new gauze to hold. "Jack, a minute." 
        Again, they left the car to go further into the road, speaking privately. I watched Leo hold his hands on his hips as he spoke, Jack folded his arms across his chest as he nodded. While the had this secret talk, I stared at their bodies. How did neither of them have a single scratch? I know they're wolves, but even their hair is still perfectly in place. 
       I couldn't say the same for myself. I looked in the mirror to see small pieces of glass still stuck in my hair. Smears of blood across my head from the cut, and even a few scratches on my cheek from what I'm assuming was the glass.
       I looked back down to my palm. Slowly opening my hand to see the fully sprouted seeds once again.
      That's not possible.. 
      Then I looked back up at my brothers, healthy, clean, and unharmed. 
     Not a single scratch..
     Then I looked back down to my seatbelt. 
     I'm positive I was wearing it.. I'm positive.
      What the hell is going on?


Part 18

     
        Jack lovingly decided it was his duty to annoy me as much as possible while Leo made a phone call, I'm assuming for some assistance with the totaled car.
     "How many fingers am I holding up?" 
      I sighed loudly, getting annoyed.
      "Sylviaaa." He said sternly.
      I looked over at him briefly, "You're not even holding any up." I said. 
      "Good! Now how many?" He asked.
      "Jack come on, I'm fine! I just whacked my head, it's okay."
       "Uh, actually you slammed your head into the dashboard and cut it open."
        "Okay, that's a little dramatic." I said.
        "But it's what happened." He added.
         I knew what he was doing. He mentioned earlier the possibility of a concussion, and since then has been having me count fingers, drink water, and converse with him. 
         "Clearly I'm alright. If I had a concussion wouldn't I have passed out by now? Or thrown up or something?" I asked.
          "That's exactly what someone who's trying to hide a concussion would say." 
           I laughed and tried to swat him just as Leo was joining us.
       "Okay, so obvious change of plans." He started. "Listen, we-"
        "We have to live out here and fight each other to survive?" Jack asked.
      "What? No-"
      "We'd definitely eat you first, Jack." I told him.
       "What? No you wouldn't. Right?" Jack asked. "Leo, right?"
        "Well, yeah if we had to-"
        "WHAT!" Jacked bellowed. "Why not Sylvia?!"
         "Enough!" Leo said, sighing loudly before continuing,"Okay, two cars are coming to get us. They left as soon as I started the call, so we have to wait about an hour and a half until they arrive."
        "Two cars? Why two of them?" I asked.
          It was silent for a moment before anyone spoke.
         "You're fucking kidding me, man." Jack's playful attitude from a few seconds ago was completely gone. 
         "Jack-" Leo called after he as left the car.
         "Fucking ridiculous." He mumbled.
          I watched his retreating figure from my seat, "What's he mad about?" Curse their Twin Telepathy. 
          Leo sighed and rubbed his face, clearly stressed out and I actually felt bad for him. "I called Dad and told him what happened. We've decided to have someone from Greycove come meet us since we're about halfway now. They'll drive you the rest of the way, okay?" 
         I thought about his words for a moment, "Oh... So, you guys are heading back home now ..?"
        Leo nodded. "Yeah. Look Syl, there's just so much going on right now. That.. This crash, whatever caused it, we have to take as a threat to yo- to our safety." He explained.  
        "Right.. But why would we take this as a threat? Wasn't it just a deer or animal? I thought I saw a blur or something-"
        "What'd you see?" He asked.  
        "Huh? I dunno, like I said. A blur. I thought we hit an animal.." I trailed off.
        Leo was quiet as he rubbed his face.
        "Was it not an anim-"
         "Just." Leo sighed again. He looked so tired and overwhelmed as he ran both hands through his hair. "Just please trust me, Syl. Okay? I'm so sorry, honestly I am, but it's not safe for us to drive you the whole way. You know I can't drive my little sister and twin brother if I don't think it's a hundred percent safe for us." He turned to look at Jack for a moment, "I just gotta- I need to get you safe, okay?" He asked me.
        I believed him and nodded, "Okay. That's okay.. Whatever is safest." 
         Honestly, I was devastated they weren't coming the whole way with me. But right now, looking at my mighty Alpha brother coming undone from stress was kind of heart-breaking. Leo was always ready for any type of problem, he always had a solution to everything. So seeing him like this, was strange and upsetting.
        He gave a sorry excuse of a smile and ruffled my hair lovingly, "We should check out your boxes. I have a feeling some things didn't survive this wreck." 
        Leo was right. Several of the boxes had been tossed around and crushed in the crash. Soft things like clothing and blankets were fine, but Almost all glass or plastic items had shattered and snapped, including the many family photos I had brought along. I picked up a paper picture from the glass shards.
      "Yeesh." Jack spoke from behind me, looking at the mess in the trunk. I guess he was done calming down.
       "I'm so sorry, Syl." Leo added.
        I shrugged, "It's fine. I'm sure I can find new frames once I'm settled in."
      "And decorations too..." Jack picked up two broken signs, and gestures to the smashed potted house plants.
      "I'll buy you new ones and have them sent to you." Leo said reassuringly.
      "Not a big deal." I smiled. I'm more grateful it wasn't a more deadly accident, who cares about the boxes. "At least we're not the ones all smashed up like this." I joked and held up a broken frame.
        Jack chuckled at that and Leo sighed for probably the twentieth time.
       We passed the time by waiting in the car and chatting. Thankfully, the tension between my brothers faded as we joked around and laughed together. 
          Honestly, for awhile I forgot that we were sitting in a totaled car, after a mysterious wreck. I forgot about the cut on my head and the destroyed items. I didn't think about the strange seeds and even stranger seatbelt. I simply enjoyed my brothers presence while it lasted.
        "Ah. Someone's here." Jack said, looking up from his phone.
        In the dark, two bright headlights of a car approached us on the empty road. The large car pulled right up next to us and parked. A small man with dark hair stepped out of the driver's seat.
     "Ah, soon to be Alpha Leo! It's a pleasure." The man greeted my brother with an extended arm. "You must be future Beta Jack. And Miss Sylvia." He smiled and shook our hands.
      Leo stood next to him, easily towering over the guy. "You are?" He asked.
     "Emmanuel Grates, of Greycove." He smiled formally. "Alpha Alarick spoke with you on the phone, I believe." 
     The mention of him made my heart flutter. 
     So he knows of our crash already...
    "Yes, you'll be driving my sister I hear." Leo looked to me.
    I smiled at Emmanuel, "Thank you. For driving out this far for us. And for driving me back."
    "Of course! I was made very aware by our Alpha that I'm to be carrying precious cargo." He teased. "May I take your bags?" 
      Jack helped me sort through the salvageable boxes while Leo spoke to Emmanuel near the car. Probably reminding him of the speed limits and proper routes to take, poor man. 
      He smiled again, shaking both my brother's hands before getting into the driver's seat. "Whenever you're ready, Miss Sylvia." 
     I nodded and turned to my brothers. 
     "When will your car arrive?" I asked
      "It's just 10 minutes away now." Leo said, checking his phone. He then stepped forward and gathered me in his arms tight. "I'm so proud of ya, Sis. We'll visit. A lot. Okay?" He pulled back to look at me. "I can't wait to hear all of your amazing stories." He gave me a real smile. 
       "Goddess, I'm going to miss you guys." I hugged him again. "I'm going to call so much." I laughed.
      "You better. Love you tons, Syl. Be smart." He smiled and ruffled my hair like he always has, before letting me go and walking back to the car.
       Then I turned to Jack, who surprised me with his glossy eyes.
      "Agh. Dammit." He growled.
      I laughed pulled him into a hug, squeezing him tight. I was going to miss our random fist fights and constant teasing.
      He pulled me back and leaned down to my eye level. "Sylvia, you call me okay? The second something happens, call. I mean it. I'll be here in a fucking flash. Even if it's a buttdial." 
       I chuckled at his seriousness, "I know, I know. You're number one on my speed dial, gosh."
      "Okay, what about your emergency contacts?" He asked me.
     "Jack." I groaned. "Relax."
     "Alright, alright. But set that up in your phone, ok?" 
     "I will! And please don't come if I buttdial you." I told him. 
      He hugged me tight for several moments, before slowly letting go.
     "I love ya." He muttered. 
      I giggled at his obvious discomfort, "Love you. Come and visit! Please." I added.
    Jack nodded his head before walking back to the car and joining Leo.
      My legs felt like weights as I turned and walked back to the large black car, closing the door behind me. Knowing the windows were tinted, I didn't bother stopping my tears. Goddess, how long am I going to last without them?
    "Ready, Miss Sylvia?" Emmanuel asked from the front seat.
      I smiled sadly and nodded, "Yes."


Part 19

      Emmanuel was already becoming a good friend of mine. He didn't talk too much during the drive at all, but was sure to check on me every now and again and add some light conversation here and there. He'd often ask about my head and if I'd like to stop for a restroom or meal. 
      "Please excuse this call, Sylvia." He said as the phone rang throughout the car speakers. I smiled, happy he finally agreed to stop calling me 'Miss'.
      "Hello Alpha!" He said cheerfully.
      "Emmanuel. What's your ETA?" Alpha Alarick's deep rich voice flooded my ears. Is it possible to get butterflies from someone's voice?
       "You're on speaker phone, sir. Sylvia and I are about one hour away." He replied.
       "She's awake?" He asked.
       "Yes!" Emmanuel looked back at me, "She's right here with me."
       There was a silent pause until I realized I should probably say something.
        "Oh. Hello." I said leaning forward a bit.
        "Hello Sylvia." Yes. Yes, it is possible to get butterflies from someone's voice. "How's her head?" He asked.
        Emmanuel and I looked at each other for a second.
      I shrugged at him.
     "Uhm. Well, it still looks slightly swollen. But the bleeding has stopped long ago. I suspect it will just be a gnarly bruise come the morning." He smiled at me.
       Alarick was quiet for a moment before responding, "Very well. Drive safely. Sylvia, you should rest now." He said.
      "No thanks, I'm not tried." I answered simply.
       Emmanuel's head whipped to me with his eyebrows raised in surprise. Alarick was silent on his end of the phone.
      Emmanuel cleared just throat quietly whilst still looking at me with a surprised expression.
      Oh. Oh..
      "I mean- Yeah. Yes sir." I fumbled over my words. 
       The car was quiet for a moment before He spoke again. "Alright. Goodbye." His voice still sounded deep, but I swear I could almost hear some amusement in it.
      The call ended and I looked over to Emmanuel, who was laughing and shaking his head slightly. He smiled at me and told me we had about an hour left. I was beyond anxious and ready to get to a bed. The emotions of leaving home, the shock from the car accident, the sudden change of plans and strange occurrences that took place in the car, all left me exhausted and drained.
       I reached into my bag and pulled out the seeds once again. Just like before, each hard little ball now had a bright green stem sprouting outward from the shell. 
        How is such a thing possible? I've been intensely studying plants for months now, and I've never heard or read of such a thing like this..
       I remembered the origin of said seeds: Fae territory. That must be the reason, because it's from Fae soil, right? That has the be the reason.. Still, I know we would have learned in class of such a bizarre plant.. I wasn't confident in my solution, and decided to call Mr.Drake about the mysterious seeds later. 
       I put them away and turned back to my window, watching the dark moon-lit surroundings fly past us. I suddenly felt tired from all the events that had taken place.
        One more hour.
        Something warm and feather light brushed against my cheek. I hummed and stirred a bit in my deep sleep. The feeling returned a second later, a gentle caress, but gently grazing across my hairline and near the small injury.
         I could hear muffled voices in the distance. Blinking my eyes open, my heart immediately skipped a beat. Or five.
        Alarick.
        There he was right in front of me, in all his glory. He was hunched over to fit in the frame of my car door, which was now wide open. I was immediately and painfully aware of his closeness, as his hand slowly left the side of my face.
        Just like before, no emotions showed on his face while he looked at me. Just the same intense stare that instantly gave me goosebumps. His eyes scanned my entire face, darkening when they lingered on the cut on my forehead. I could practically feel his breath on my face..
       Goddess above...
       I refocused and cleared my throat, sitting more upright. "Alpha Alarick." I said. "I guess, I fell asleep..." 
       What an entrance Syl.. 
       I could feel him watching my every move as I straightened my clothes, "How's your head?" He spoke lowly.
       Looking around, I noticed we were parked in front of a large building. Emmanuel, no where to be seen. "Um, fine. It's good." I answered. With the shock of today's events still fogging my mind, I had almost forgotten about the dull pain.
       I looked back to the Alpha in front of me. I had so many questions to ask him, but couldn't even bring myself to speak anymore. I was exhausted. Emotionally and physically. 
        I felt as though the weight and stress of everything that took place earlier, was now finally crashing down on me. Plus the intensity of his presence just added to my emotions, somehow.
        Why do I feel like crying right now?!
        Alarick, brought his rough hand back to my face, this time gently cupping my cheek. He could probably tell I was on the verge of an emotional break down. Which I was, no doubt.
        I shocked myself by immediately leaning into his gentle touch, almost craving the warmth and comfort he seemed to always be giving off. His thumb slowly grazed over my skin, back and forth in a hypnotic rhythm. I felt like falling asleep right then and there.
       "Sylvia." He said my name lowly.
       "Hm?" I sat up straight.
       He stared at me for a moment, looking almost torn before backing away suddenly and closing my door. The driver side door opened a second later and Alarick got it and began driving. 
      "Where are we going?" I asked.
      "The house you're staying in is on the East side of my territory. Just a four minute drive from the Pack House." He looked at me through the review mirror.
         I nodded with a quiet "Oh." and tried to spot things in the darkness outside my window. After driving down a long tree-lined driveway, we quickly arrived to a small house standing alone near more trees. From what I could tell, it looked quite homey.
          He beat me to opening my door and leaned inside the frame, just like he had before. 
         "Can you walk?" He asked.
         I nodded and avoided his eyes. "Yeah, I'm fine. I'm good." 
      I exited the car, dragging my bag and cardigan along with me and felt hyper aware of his closeness. 
      "Let me just grab a box or two real-"
      "I'll do it." He cut me off and walked up the stairs and to the front door. 
       "No, it's fine. It's my own stuff, let me-"
       "Sylvia." He said my name so gently yet firm while standing at the door, waiting for me.
      Okay, okay, message received. 
      I joined him at the door and entered when he held it open for me. The little house was beautiful and spacious. I turned on a lamp to reveal house plants everywhere. It was exactly how I would have decorated it; different ivy's and plants lining the window sills, fluffy blankets folded on a small comfy couch. Even fruit placed in a bowl on the counter.
       I turned to Alarick and smiled brightly, "This place is beautiful. This is really where I'm staying?" I asked, excited.
       He didn't respond but rather stared at me, looking distracted. I waited as he blinked a few times and nodded. 
     "Can I go upstairs?" 
     "Of course." He gave a small smile.
      The upstairs was just as homey. The main bedroom had a large window, bed, dresser and tv neatly placed inside. There was also a simple guest bedroom as well. I made my way back down the stairs, still in awe of my temporary home.
      Alarick had placed my four boxes on the counter and looked up at me as I entered. 
    "This is all you brought with you?"
     I cleared my throat, "Well, some of the things- er, boxes didn't survive to wreck." I laughed lightly. 
     He didn't. "How much?" 
     "Hm?"
      "How many other boxes did you have?" He asked and stepped a bit closer.
       "Oh, I don't know, I didn't really count." I brushed it off. 
       This pack is allowing me to stay in their territory for a year. And giving me this house?! I'm not in the position to be complaining about boxes..
      He stood just a foot away from me before asking again calmly, "How many?" 
     "Uh- um I think 5? Maybe 4?" I couldn't hold his intense gaze anymore and looked at my hands instead. 
     Does every wolf in this pack not mind personal space...?
      "It's fine though, really. My brothers took the damaged things back home. I'll fix them later." 
     He sighed quietly. I could practically feel his body heat radiating off him from this distance. I swear, I've been covered in goosebumps for half an hour now. I peeked up at him.
     He was already leaning forward, watching me. "You should go sleep now." He spoke softly, almost whispering.
     I nodded in agreement. Sleep sounded amazing right now. I'm pretty sure I'm still running on pure adrenaline from today's events. "Thank you. For everything. This place," I looked around the house and back to him, "The job. The ride." 
       Alarick took just one more step to fill the empty space between us. His chest was almost touching my own and my head instantly turned to mush. I looked straight forward at his shirt, forcing myself to not crane my neck to meet his gaze. I could feel his warm hand once again brushing the small cut near my hair, sending sweet little sparks throughout my nerves. The side of his chin brushing against my head giving me even more butterflies. 
     "You're welcome. It's all yours to enjoy." He spoke so softly, I almost didn't hear him. His breath fanned my hair as he spoke near my ear.
      "Hm." I hummed in response, just about giving in to the sweet sensations he was putting me through.
      Suddenly his hand darted to my lower back, pushing me flush against his hard chest in a sudden embrace. His hand pushed me into him while his thumb traced up and down on my back. 
        My ears burned and I could feel my face flushing. His stomach pressed against my own and I felt every breath he took. 
        Is it possible to feel like fainting and going to sleep at the same time?
        His strong arms that wrapped around me were so comforting, yet thrilling. He's a strange man that I barley knew. An Alpha, untouchable and off limits. But the way he held me, the way he made me feel so safe yet on fire, was addicting. 
       For a second, just one second, I allowed myself to close my eyes and breathe in his smell. My face was pressed into the material of his shirt, which felt soft and warm. I could hear him inhaling deeply through his nose.
     Nothing to see here... Just a friendly hug, move along. A concerned hug! Yes, I was in a car accident. That's why.
      And for a moment we stayed like that. Locked in a tight embrace in the kitchen. For that moment, I didn't think about home, the crash, the seeds, my seatbelt, all of it went away when he held me. But I knew that if I wasn't careful, this was something I could get swept away in, completely sucked in.
       I took a step away from him, and his hand immediately reached back out for me. I took another small step backwards, "I'm... I should go to bed." I tried to find something, anything other than him to look at. 
       Alpha Alarick watched me for a moment before finally filling the silence. "Please, sleep in tomorrow. The fridge is filled for you. My number is on the fridge door for you to use." He slowly walked towards the door, lingering there as he spoke, "There's pain medication on the bed side table laid out for you."
       I stared at him for a moment before realizing I hadn't spoken yet, "Oh- okay. Yes, thanks. Thank you." 
       "Goodnight, Sylvia." He said.
        His simple words made me smile. "Goodnight Alpha Alarick."


Part 20

        An awful, sickening feeling settled in my gut. Darkness surrounded me as I looked around, but the now familiar voices were quick to make an appearance. 
        "Don't you understand? She's a target!" An older voice cried out and for the first time in these returning dreams, I could just barely make out two gray blurred figures moving.
       "There has to be another way!" Sobs muffled the young woman's voice as she begged. I felt surprised as I identified the feminine voice coming from one of the blurry silhouettes. "Please!" Her trembling and raw voice was almost heartbreaking, such clear despair and agony in her breaking voice. "No, please! Please!" She pleaded desperately. 
   "PLEASE!" The scream shook me to my very core.
        Like always when I had these dreams, I jolted awake in my bed. Suddenly sitting up, out of breath, distraught, and disheveled. And of course, on the verge of tears. The emotional aftermath was always the worst part of my nightmares. After every dream, I felt so devastated and anguished, like it was a real personal experience.
        I sighed and rubbed my face. These dreams are becoming more intense lately. Strangely less frequent, yet far more intense. Deciding to brush off the upsetting start to my day, I climb out of bed and begin to get ready. I had eagerly taken Alpha Alarick's advice and slept in.
        The mere thought of him quickly cleared all groggy traces of sleep from my mind, waking me up instantly. 
     Where is he right now?
     Is he working?
     I wonder where his office is....
     Does he have an office?
     Of course he has an office..
     I shake my head sharply, as if that'd help clear my mind of him. Chill, Sylvia. He's not yours. Don't start getting all fan-girl crazy over the hot Alpha in charge.
     I chuckle at my childish school-girl thoughts and finish brushing out my hair. I dressed in extra warm clothing; thick leggings and a large wool sweater with hefty boots. I wanted to explore more of territory today, and knew that the temperature here was even colder and snowier than home.
     Home...
     I sighed as I thought of my brothers as I went down the stairs. Did they get home safe? I still felt strange about the last day I spent with them. The rare and intense argument between them, the peculiar details of the car crash, the secretive hushed conversations between them while we waited for the cars. 
      I need to call them..
      Oh! Call! I wanted to call Mr. Drake! I sighed once again and rushed to my bag that I had left on the counter. Digging out the device, I quickly tapped to light up the screen and selected my Teacher's contact.
       He answered after four rings.
       "Shmello."
       "Mr. Drake?" I asked.
       "Sylvia! How are ya kiddo?" His familiar voice forced a smile to my face.
       "Good. Good, I just arrived last night." I quickly decided to leave out the stressful details of the trip.
       "Ah, very nice! Very nice. Yes, lots of exploring to do. What can I do ya for?" He asked. 
       "Well I actually had a quick question-"
       "Shoooot."
       Such a strange man. "-about the seeds you gave me before I left? Can you remind me of their details? I know they're rare, so looking up information on them here is limited..."
      "Ah, yes! The Trexion seeds!" He exclaimed loudly into the phone. "Yes, you'll have fun with those. Rare little buggers but wonderful to use in medicines! Let's see....Excellent healing properties. Fae territory. Spread like mad, so three seeds planted at a time is more than enough..."
       "Right! About their growing rates-"
       "Now Sylvia, you know by now that you must be patient! Especially with Fae-type plants- ugh! They in particular take forever.." he trailed off.
        Take forever?
       So, the sudden sprouting in my hand- that was not normal?
      I was hoping that was a unique trait of these seeds or something..
      Confusion rose up in me while Mr.Drake carried on his explanation. 
      "-in damp soil. Most Fae based plants do a larger part of their growing underneath the soil before sprouting or budding from the seed's shell.-"
        I cut him off, "Are there any exceptions?" 
        "Exceptions?" He asked.
        "Yes. Any reason a seed would, or could, sprout- uhm. I don't know, sprout suddenly? Almost instantly?" I poked around at the subject hopefully.
         "Well, I've never discovered such a thing. Sure, there are some of those Jay's Vines that can grow up to 13 inches in less than a week..."
        "But?" 
        "No buts, kid. No plant I've ever studied has such a capability. Wouldn't that be a game-changer though!" He chuckles into the phone. 
        "Could.." I struggled to find the right wording, "Could a sudden burst of energy, or heat contribute to a seed's growth rate?"
        "Hmm, interesting question. But no, like all other plant forms, sole energy, and or, heat alone could never cause a seed to sprout immediately like that." 
        "Thanks, Mr. Drake." I hid my disappointment. "I'll call again soon."
        "You better! I want updates!" 
         I hung up the phone feeling even more confused than before. If Mr. Drake had never heard of such a thing... What does that mean? I furrowed my brows as I tucked my phone away. I was really thinking that he would have an answer...
      So, how did that happen? How did all of those seeds sprout and grow and inch in my palm? 
      I wanted so desperately to brush it off, call it a crazy Mother-Nature thing, but I couldn't. This was simply too bizarre. It didn't make any sense at all. It's impossible.
     I shook my head in disbelief as I put on my coat. I need to handle one thing at a time. Fresh air was much needed, and I could feel my spinning brain giving me a headache already.
     Gathering my bag, I anxiously left the house.  Fluffy snow covered the ground and floated through the cold air. My breath clouded in front of me as I made my way down the long gravel driveway. Emmanuel had told me all about the layout of the Greycove's territory. That, and I had quite obsessively studied the map before arriving. What? I don't want to get lost.
     The crisp cool air helped clear my mind as I walked along the path. The end of my driveway lead to the dirt road Alarick drove us down last night. I could see a large field to the side as I went, littered with exercise equipment. 
     Probably their training grounds..
     Almost directly across from the training grounds, was a large greenhouse building. A smile spread across my face at the sight. This must be where I'll be working! Emmanuel mentioned that it was within walking distance of my house..     I hesitantly yet anxiously approached the building. 
     Surely I can check it out, right?
     I mean, it's my workplace..
     After knocking on the large wooden side door and waiting a moment, I quickly turned the old rusted doorknob. Poking my head in, I was met with warm air and a clean little workspace, accompanied with a desk and chair. Stacked books and folder filled the endless shelves on the walls, and the desk was complete with notebooks and pens. . The little room was organized and neat, yet packed with books, papers, plants, and supplies.
     I smiled at the cute little office. In the corner of the small room, was an old metal spiral staircase. I looked up to where it lead, and saw a little hidden sitting area with comfy chairs surrounding a window, table, and a filled bookcase.
      I'm definitely spending most my time up there from now on...
     There was also a door on the other side of the staircase. I opened it slowly and again, poked my head in. The room was bright and smelled strongly of damp earthy soil. The greenhouse!
      I smiled as I entered the room. It was large, spacious, and filled with parallel rows of plants . Just like the office, it was clean and organized, but not empty. The intoxicating smell of nature filled my senses as I walked further inside. Almost every plant, grass, herb, ivy, moss, fern, that I passed by, I could name. This place was heaven!
     "Oh. Hey!" 
      A male voice made me jump.
      "Sorry!" A deep chuckle sounded behind me. I turned to see a young man standing further back in the greenhouse, busy with paper and notebooks in his hands. He, like most male werewolves, was tall and had a large build. His brown skin matched his long braided hair.
     "Sorry!" I copied him, "I didn't even know someone was in here."
     "Nah, you're good. I'm just quiet." He smiled and approached me, sticking out his hand. "Ericks. What's your name?"
      I shook his hand quickly, "Sylvia. I'm actually starting a job here in a few days. Plant specialist.."
      His face light up in recognition, "Right! I heard you were coming. Well, welcome." Ericks smiled and gestured to the room, "This is the greenhouse. Obviously." 
     I chuckled and looked around, "It's amazing. Really, I've never seen one so big."
     Ericks's smile widened as he looked down at me, "Oh just wait, this isn't even the main Greenhouse." 
     "Show me!" I said excitedly.
         Ericks and I walked to the main greenhouse, which was just behind the one we were just in. He told me all about Greycove and the pack as we went. He pointed out what direction the Pack house was in, gestured to various walking trails in the forest, and even gave me his spare key to the Greenhouses. 
       We were becoming quick friends already. In the short 3 minute walk to the other building, we had already shared details about our own lives, cracked a few jokes, and bonded over our passion for botany.        Thank Goddess I have a friend here...
       Oh, and Emmanuel. Can't forget Emmanuel.


Part 21

         Ericks and I were seated in two cushioned chairs in the large study, laughing as we told each other stories. After meeting him in the smaller Greenhouse, he had showed me the Main Greenhouse, which just like the other had an office/study area attached to it.
         "So how do you keep track of both Greenhouses? Isn't it confusing?" I asked him as I looked through an old notebook.
          "Oh, it is." He chuckled, "We started calling this larger one Greenhouse A, and the other B. To cause less confusion." 
         I made an "O" with my mouth. "Mental note.." I trailed off. "Are there any other people that work in here?"
        "Just me! Well, and Olivia, she helps out sometimes." He grinned. "But hey, now I've got a superior." Ericks laughed and nudged me with his elbow as he went to the bookshelf.
        "I'm your superior?!" I laughed in disbelief. "I haven't even started!" 
        "Well you're going to be pretty much running this place! Me and Liv help out when we can, ya know, tending to some plants here and there, helping keep it clean and warm. But as for the actual plant studying and whole medicines stuff..." he pulled out a new book from the shelf, "you're on your own."
        I sighed. "Well. I mean if you're just helping to even maintain both buildings, that'll actually help a lot.. I'll have to meet Olivia."
       "Yeah! You'll see me and her poking around here a lot. Liv comes and goes as she pleases." He smiled down at me as he continued to move around books on the shelf.
        I smiled and went back to reading, a little relieved that I'll have some help. We stayed that way for a while. Ericks shuffling through piles of books while I read. He laughed when I asked to borrow some, reminding me that I'm in charge of this place now and dont have to ask him.
        After several hours of checking out the gardens and chit chatting, Ericks offered to show me to the pack house.
        "You made him drink a puddle?!" 
        I nodded and laughed, "It was a bet! He lost! Those are the rules!"
      He threw his head back as he laughed, "What the hell! A puddle?! What was the bet?"
      "That I could beat him in a race home!" I chuckled.
     Ericks looked at me bewildered, "A race? But isn't your brother a wolf?"
     "Yeah. And I kicked his ass."
     "Pffft. No way, Sylvia."
      I glared at him, making him laugh.
      "No offense! I just mean," he gestured around, "wolves are faster than people. That's a fact."
      "Hey! I'm fast!" I retorted.
      "Oh yeah? Let's go then, human." Ericks smiled at me challengingly.
      "Fine." I grinned. "Through the woods and straight ahead is the Pack house right?"
       Ericks took off in a flash, shifting into a large brown wolf in mere seconds.       Cheater!!
       I dashed after him as we ran into the trees. The sun was almost done setting, making it harder to see but it didn't slow me down. I laughed as I heard his deep bark from somewhere on my right. He was out of sight but I could still hear his massive paws echoing as they hit the ground. 
       Man, I missed the familiar adrenaline rush that comes with running.        I kept on sprinting straight ahead, I knew the Pack House was just on the other side of the thick forest. As I went, the dirt path slowly faded away as more and more brush and branches covered the ground. Soon, I couldn't really run anymore with the massive roots and dead trees covering the forest floor in front of me. 
         My laughter quickly died out as I slowed down to a jog. Stopping at a large tree, I furrowed my brows and tried to catch my breath. My breathing was becoming shaky and shallow.
        I don't feel right..
        You know that feeling you get in your gut, right before something awful happens?
     Like when you're watching a scary movie, and the music stops and it gets all quiet?
      Yeah, that feeling.
      It was so similar to what I usually experience in my dreams, that familiar and dreadful feeling.
      "Hey Ericks?" I called out into the dark trees, suddenly feeling very off. Panic rose up in me. Why am I panicking? I'm not scared of the woods- I love the woods. I stepped over some fallen trees as I went. Which way was I running again? 
        "Oh, shit." I muttered to myself. I have no clue what direction we were running in.
        With the fear and anxiety slowly growing inside me, I started to jog again. Thin dead twigs that I couldn't see in the dark snapped against my face, as I tried holding my hands out to block them.
       "Ugh." I mumbled, feeling frustrated and vulnerable with my lack of sight and direction. 
      "Ericks!" I called again.
      "Sylvia!" I heard a deep voice call my name from behind me.
     I turned around quickly and squinted into the dark trees surrounding me. "Ericks?" 
     I could just barely make out his large build far off in the distance, slowly making his way towards me. I exhaled and relief spread throughout my body.
      For two seconds.
      As quickly as that relief filled me, it was replaced with panic and fear as I suddenly hit the solid ground, hard. My legs were completely knocked out from under me and my weight crashed into the hard dirt floor in seconds. 
      Before I had time to register why I was even on the ground, something hard and strong wrapped around my ankle tightly. I screamed as it started dragging my leg roughly through the sharp broken branches and hard roots of the forest.
      Endless thorns and sticks snapped and scraped against my entire body as I was pulled further into the brush.
       "Sylvia!" Ericks voice was closer and alarmed, "Sylviaaa!"
        I screamed again and again as I kicked my leg, trying to free myself from the painfully tight grip around it. I was being pulled fast. My hands burned as they desperately scrapped against the passing trees, trying to grab onto something. 
        As quickly as it happened, it stopped. The pressure of whatever had my ankle left in an instant, my body jerked to a halt, and I stopped screaming. For a second I just laid there, looking up at the sky above me in pure shock, confusion, and most of all, fear.         I sat up quickly and held my sore rib cage, my head whipping around the area. I kicked my legs as I backed away, still looking for the threat. "What the fuck..." I panted, "What the fuck was..", I couldn't even voice my thoughts as I caught my breath.
       Ericks lept over fallen trees as he made his way over and knelt by my side, "Holy shit. Fuck. Are you okay? Sylvia?" He asked me frantically, cupping my face and making me look at him.  
     My eyes didn't meet his as he held my cheeks, I was still scanning the forest.
     "What the fuck was that?" I whispered as he helped me up. "Did you see that? Did-"B     "I don't know. I don't know. Can you stand?" He asked me sternly.
     I could stand fine, but my legs trembled and my side ached. As much as I hate to admit it, I was afraid.  "Yeah..." I said.
      Both our heads snapped upward as we heard heavy rustling in the broken branches nearby. We stood frozen, listening to the sound in the dark. The echo of snapping twigs stopped immediately, as soon as we stopped speaking. Whatever it was, it was trying to be quiet. And it was still here. 
      Ericks leaned down and roughly scooped me up, not saying anything as he began running. I'm assuming his goal was to get out of the forest ASAP. I gladly leaned my head on his shoulder and closed my eyes as we flew past the endless trees, trusting his heightened eyesight. The warmth of his body was a much needed comfort after the terrifying event.
       We made it to the clearing, where the forest ended and the grass began. I looked ahead briefly to see three men running to meet us. 
     He must have mindlinked his pack. 
      That fact was not comforting; I knew that Mindlinking was only used between pack members and their Alpha in emergencies. It's an ancient Werewolf ability, that's rarely practiced anymore.      "Is she okay?" A deep voice demanded.
      Alarick?
     "I don't know. I don't know what that was, it-" Ericks jumpy voice was cut off.
     "Go with Thomas now." Alarick told him in a commanding voice. At this point I looked up from Ericks shoulder and watched as Alarick approached us and took me from his tight hold. 
      "Okay." He responded as he handed me off, and hurriedly left with the other man, who I guess was Thomas.
      Alarick's familiar smell invaded my senses as soon as he held me in his arms. He didn't speak as he started quickly walking towards the  massive Pack House in the dark. I greedily closed my eyes, leaned into his body warmth, and focused on calming my shaky breaths. 
     Even with his firm arms locked around my body, I couldn't shake the feeling of what just happened. 
     I mean, what did just happen?


Part 22

           Hecka Hecka long chapter 👀👀————————————————————————
           Alarick carried me through a side door of the Pack House into a small study, kicking the door closed behind us as we entered. He quickly set me down on a small couch, his hands gliding up my body as he slowly set me down. I watched him buzz around the room, still humming with adrenaline.
         I was on auto-pilot. Just sitting there, trying to make sense of what had just happened to me and not even sure how to feel. Normally, I would be all nervous about being alone in a room with him. But now, now I couldn't even form a proper sentence. So I focused on watching him instead.
          He didn't stop for a second. Alarick rushed around the room, turning on lights, dropping a blanket around my shoulders, pouring a glass of water and handing it to me while he muttered into a cell phone quietly. He turned on another small lamp near the couch as he ended the call, and crouched down in front of me.
         For a moment, neither one of us spoke. I just simply stared down at him, still working on slowing my breaths, and watched as his dark eyes danced around my face, inspecting. I pulled the blanket closer around myself. 
         I'm sure he could see the evident panic in my eyes while I returned his gaze. And just like the other times I've stared into his eyes, they revealed no emotion in them. Intense, yet a blank slate. 
         He turned away and walked into a different room for a moment, only to return with a damp washcloth. Alarick returned to his spot in front of me and slowly brought the cold cloth up to my face, gently rubbing certain areas. 
         I was confused by his actions at first, but then the small stings reminded me of the twigs snapping against my face in the woods.
       Oh, right.
      "I can do it." I said quietly and took the wet cloth from his large hand. He held my hand for a moment as I took the rag from him, then trailed his fingers slowly down my arm.
       He didn't speak as he dropped his hand to my knee, still looking up at me as I held it to my face. The coolness was nice.
        The shock and adrenaline was starting to wear off, and my injuries were now making themselves known. The little cuts and scrapes were nothing compared to the aching I felt in my ribs. Every movement I made, made me wince. 
        I closed my eyes for a moment, still trying to collect myself and actually process all of what had happened earlier. I feel like I haven't even stopped to think about it yet..
        Alarick didn't leave. His large warm hand resting on my knee reminded me of his presence while my mind was spinning from the earlier events.
       "Show me where it hurts you." His voice came out so deep and soft, like he was trying to keep me from freaking out. 
        Actually, I should be freaking out. 
       Why am I not freaking out?
        I gave my head a tiny shake and opened my eyes, "It doesn't hurt." I lied as I brought the cloth down from my cheek. There was a tiny little smear of blood on the white material. 
        I don't want to be weak.
        "Sylvia." He spoke. 
        "Hm.." I hummed in response, still looking down. I was starting to feel slightly embarrassed about the whole event. Leave it to me to have some sort of freak accident on my first day here. 
          Technically my second freak accident, if we're counting the car crash as well...
         "Sylvia." He spoke again, snapping me out of my thoughts. 
      "It's fine. Where's Ericks? Is he okay-"
       Alarick cut me off by pushing his warm hand under my sweater, and resting it on the skin covering my rib cage. I gasped and put my hand over his. It was a strange sensation, the feeling of his warm hand instantly bringing the intense sharp pains to just an ache. I furrowed my brows at the now dull discomfort and leaned forward.
      "Your ribs." He observed quietly. I could feel his breath fanning my face. 
       His thumb was feather light as it grazed the skin in a circular motion. The action sent sweet tingles throughout my body, almost cancelling out the pain. 
       "I need to get you to the Pack Doctor. Can you move at all? Can you stand?" He asked me gently.
       "What?" I removed my hand from his, "Of course, I can." I replied curtly.
      To prove my point, I stood up swiftly from the couch. I clamped my mouth shut as my rib cage burned. Determined to not be the little helpless-human among Werewolves, I swallowed the pain-filled groan in my mouth and began to walk to the door. 
      "Where is the pack doctor?" I asked Alarick without turning around. I'm sure my face would give myself away, and I'm done being carried around like glass.
      I mean, I am injured..
      But, not the point.
      He didn't speak for a while, making me slowly peek over my shoulder at where he was still crouched down in front of the couch. As usual, he was watching me quietly, observing.
       "It's on the other side of the building, Sylvia. The west wing." He answered.
         Ah, shit.
        "Okay." I said simply. 
         "Let me-"
       I quickly forced my legs forward, left, and shakily closed the office door behind me. I stubbornly walked down a long empty hallway for about 40 seconds before stopping to lean against the wall. As tough as I wanted to act, my body was screaming at me to stop. The pains were turning into dizziness, and the last thing I need right now is to faint. 
      I jumped when a warm blanket fell around my shoulders and back. A second later, a pair of firm arms lifted me up to a hard chest behind me. 
     Alarick didn't speak as he cradled me to his frame once again, and started down the hall. I sighed, and flopped my head on his hard shoulder as his body warmth spread into me. I'm too tired and sore to keep up the act. And who am I kidding, it feels too good when he holds me. I held my chin on his shoulder, watching the dim hallway behind us grow longer as we went. 
      After a few quiet minutes, we stopped at a door and were met by a short woman with brown coiled hair. She looked up at us in surprise before holding the door further open.
     "Alpha. What's happened?" She asked seriously. 
     That's a good question, lady.
      I titled my head to watch Alarick's face. He didn't skip a beat in responding, "Mariah." He greeted, "Incident in the woods. May have a broken rib with some bruising as well. No head injury, but a larger cut on her cheekbone that will need to be cleaned." He finished as he set me down on the exam chair.
     "Understood." The Doctor spoke before turning to me and smiling brightly, "Hello sweets. I'm going to lift up your sweater for a second. Tell me when it hurts." 
     She used two fingers to feel my skin, taking note of my winces as she felt my ribs. "Yep. I can already feel a slight break here."  She spoke quietly, looking to Alarick who stood by the chair. "Most likely some surrounding bruising as well."
     "So you fell pretty hard, huh? What are you doing alone in the woods?" She teased me as she took notes on her notepad.
    "Well, I wasn't alone. I was with my friend, Ericks." I answered.
    "Ah, yes Ericks. Smart kid." She smiled.
    "Really smart." I agreed. "He and I-"
    "How is she." Alarick's voice was deep and stern. His question didn't even sound like a question.
    "Well let's see here...First, how do you feel, hun?" Doctor Mariah asked me.
     "Uh, fine. Good." I replied, feeling somewhat embarrassed about the injuries. Sometimes I hate being so obviously human. 
      "Uh-huh. What about here?" She asked and pressed a finger to my side lightly.
      I winced and Alarick took a sudden step forward.
     "Okay, that doesn't feel good." 
      She gave me a small smile, "That's what I thought. You need to tell me where your pain is so we know there's no internal damage." She told me as she rummaged through some drawers.
     "I guess it's my side, mostly." I replied.
     "Okay. Mostly? Anywhere else?" 
     "Just a little dizzy is all." I told her.
      "Alright, hun. These are some painkillers, you're going to need them. Rest as much as you can, no sports, exercising, running.. Ice packs will help with any swelling or pain as well. And this is antibiotic for this cut here. You don't need stitches but you've gotta keep it clean." She instructed me as she quickly wiped the small opening on my cheekbone with a clear solution. 
     "Alpha, may I?" Doctor Mariah summoned him outside the door for a moment. 
     While the two spoke outside, I turned to look at the mirror on the wall.
     Crickey.
     The angry red cut on my cheek made me look paler than usual. My dark blonde hair was messy and tangled, and even had a few dead leaves stuck in the back. I looked down at my arms to see many tiny little scrapes here and there, probably from where the sticks scratched my skin. My palms were dirty and red as well. 
      I smell like dirt.
      Alarick and Doctor Mariah re-entered the room. "Alright, hun. Remember, rest. Take it easy, be lazy these next few days. Your body and mind need rest." She smiled and rubbed my back lovingly. 
      "Thank you." I smiled at her.
       Before I could stand, Alarick reached under my legs and around my back, pulling me in close again. Doctor Mariah held the door open for us as we left, saying her goodbyes as we made our way down a different hallway.
      As we headed down a new hall, I felt him turn his head inward for a moment, making his nose brush against the shell of my ear slowly. He dragged it behind and along my ear, where he inhaled deeply before looking straight ahead again. The small action seemed intimate and made my stomach do a flip. Or three.
     "Where are we going?" I quietly asked him.
     Alarick looked down at me while he walked, "The car."
     "You're taking me back to the house?"
      "No. My Beta is." He replied.
       Oh.
      "What's his name?" I asked.
       "Thomas." 
       I was quiet for a moment while I thought, "He's the man from earlier today? That walked away with Ericks?"
      Alarick nodded and continued his blank stare ahead of us while we continued down the hallway.
       His silence was unnerving.
       "Can you put me down?" I asked.
       He looked down to me for a quick moment, "No. You heard Doctor Mariah." He spoke in a clipped voice.
        Fine then.
        Eventually, we made our way to yet another side door leading outside. There, was a large black car waiting, with a man in the driver seat rolling down his window.
       "Alpha. Sylvia." He greeted with a smile.
        Thomas was short, I remembered from earlier this evening when he met us outside the woods. His short stature and bald head was easy to recognize from a distance. 
        Alarick used a hand to open the door and slowly set me down in the back of the car. He spoke lowly to Thomas for a minute, obviously trying to avoid me over-hearing the discussion.
         Thomas rolled up his window as Alarick came back to mine. We locked eyes and held each other's gaze. He reached in through the window, and grazed the back of his hand down my cheek slowly. The action sent chills down my spine.
       "Rest well tonight. Eat something." He said to me sincerely.         I felt uneasy for some reason. I frowned and looked away from him as Thomas drove off. I rolled up my windows as we started the short drive to my little house.


Part 23

     
    Thomas was annoying as hell.
    I'm usually slow to judge others. You know, treat them how you want to be treated. But this man was an exception.
     Everything about him was unnerving and put me on edge. Okay, maybe that's an exaggeration. Maybe, it was just because of today's bizarre events... I mean, I have had a pretty awful day. Got lost in the woods, attacked by a strange animal or thing, busted a rib. Not my best day.
     "What's going on in that pretty little head of yours there, Sylvia?" Thomas smiled at me again through the review mirror.
       I frowned.
       "Just tired, is all. Excited to go to bed." I replied simply, trying to be polite.
      Thomas nodded as we pulled up to my house after driving down the long driveway. He quickly opened the car door for me, and offered his arm to me. I smiled and declined his gesture. We went up the stairs and I leaned against the house for support, watching as he unlocked the door for us.
     Mental note that he has a key to my house..
      I frowned at that as well.
     We entered and Thomas began turning on lights throughout the house for me. I took my time in taking off my shoes, and went to the kitchen counter to plug in my dead cellphone. After doing so, I went to make myself some much needed food. I had been so preoccupied in chatting with Ericks and then the incident, that I hadn't even eaten anything yet.
     Thomas entered the kitchen grinning.
     "Anything you need before I go? Can I set up your bed for you?" He asked and leaned against the counter. "Prepare the shower?"
      Weird question.
      "Uhm, no. No, that's not necessary. But thank you, for the drive here." I gave him a small smile as I slowly leaned down to pull out some items from the fridge, being mindful of my ribs. 
      "Okay. Be sure to get lots of rest. I, uh, left my number on the counter here." He tapped a small piece of paper on the table, "Just, ya know, in case." He grabbed his coat off the countertop and walked to the door, "Sleep tight, Sylvia." I watched as Thomas slowly closed the door behind him and left.
      Yep. Don't like him.
      I ate quickly and showered soon after that. While bathing, I was able to actually see the bruising on my rib cage, and the little scratches on my arms as well. I was surprised to even find some faint bruising around my upper ankle. 
      "Good goddess..." I muttered to myself as I looked down at my body.
       All of this on my first day?
       What a great first impression.
       I used my time in the shower to think. I thought about the way my stomach dropped before I fell, like my body knew of the coming danger before my brain did. I thought about the actual fall itself, and how fast it all happened. How I couldn't even see what was pulling me, and just how hard it pulled me in general. It was strong, smooth, and swift, inhuman. I also thought about the way the... thing, was quiet. After Ericks came to me, how we both had heard the loud rustling suddenly halt. 
       It felt as though someone, or something, was there. Intentionally being quiet, watching. 
      Ericks. I should talk to him. 
      He's got to be at least a little shaken up by all of this too, right?
      I finished washing the small injuries and my hair, and left the shower. Taking my time and being sure to not move too fast, I dressed in pajamas and finished up in the bathroom. The pain in my rib cage was still there, but becoming a manageable ache. 
     I walked down the hall and into the kitchen as I dried my hair with a towel. I need to call Ericks first. Then my brothers.
      Should I tell them about today?
      Maybe not.. I mean I'm safe now, right?
      They'll only worry and-
       I stopped my inner conversation when I glanced down at the empty kitchen counter. 
       Where's my phone..?
       My brows furrowed as I looked around the room in confusion. I know that I plugged it in. Right? I checked the around the kitchen and side tables, under my bag, and on the surrounding chairs, only to come up empty. I'm certain I plugged it in.. I even went back into my dirty clothes to check my pockets and the bathroom.
       I could have sworn I started charging it before making dinner...
       I sighed and rubbed my head. 
      Where did I leave it?
      I'm really losing it, I guess it must still be in Thomas's car then. The past two days have been crazy to say the least and it must be starting to wear on me. I knew this move would be a big change, but I'm anxious for one restful, normal day.
      Between the scary event from earlier in the woods, and now not having a source of communication on me, I was nervous. Before double checking the locks on the front and side door, I gathered up fuzzy blankets and pillows to make myself comfortable on the couch. I also took another pain pill and switched on the TV, hopeful to distract myself from reality for a bit.
       Ding!
     I groggily stirred in my sleep.
    Ding! Ding!
     I sat up slowly, cautious of my side, and immediately remembered falling asleep on the couch. Sunshine leaked in through the windows and the TV spoke quietly.
     Ding!
     I quickly got up and winced, holding my rib cage. As I brushed my hair with my fingers a bit and fixed my clothes, I got up and popped open the door hesitantly.
      A small woman with bright purple hair smiled brightly at me. Like most people here, she was dressed in layers for the cold snow.
     "Hey!" She chirped. "Oh-sorry. I woke you up just now?" 
     I moved my hair away from my face and shook my head. "No, no. I needed to get up anyways." I smiled. "Hello, I'm Sylvia." I stuck out my hand to her.  
     She enthusiastically shook my hand, "I'm Olivia! Ya know, I work in the Greenhouses sometimes. Ericks mentioned ya to me!"
     "Oh, you do? And you spoke with Ericks? You spoken with him recently?" I asked her, suddenly curious about his well-being. 
     "Yep! Why?" 
      I suddenly realized I was making the poor girl stand out in the cold, "Oh, sorry. Come on in." I held open the door.
      She entered giggling and holding up a container, "I made some feel-better muffins! But they're just the kind you buy in a bag and add water.", she laughed. "Heard about your fall." She explained. 
      "Ah, thank you. That's sweet." I smiled and followed her into the kitchen.
      "Oooh, how cozy! I've never been in this house before!" She dramatically 'oohed' and 'ahhed' at the plants seated on the long window sill.
      "Really? Isn't in an empty guest house?" I asked her, and took a muffin when she offered me one.
      "Pffft, no! This is like, Alpha Alarick's little secret hideout. He built it ages ago." She popped a piece of muffin in her mouth. "Probably why it's kinda away from the other houses- for privacy. I'm pretty sure he comes here when we annoy him." She laughed.
     I thought this was just a guest home for visitors...
     "Huh.. So, you've talked to Ericks?" I asked as I swallowed another pain pill.
      Olivia nodded her head, "Yeah. He was just in Greenhouse B a few minutes ago."
      "Oh. So he's okay?" 
       She looked at me with a confused look, "Yeah, I think so. Why? What happened? You two okay?" 
       I blinked, "Yeah. Yeah, I just-"
      "Oh! Oh! I know what you're talking about."
      I blinked again, "You do?"
      Olivia nodded and grabbed another muffin, "Totally! He and that Patrick dude? Done. It's true, he told me like two days ago. Sucks cause I loved them together." She nodded.
      Well. She doesn't know. 
      Olivia and I talked for a long time in the kitchen, eating unhealthy amounts of muffins. She told me all about petty Pack drama, who I should befriend and who I should "def avoid", in her words. Her friendly and spunky attitude reminded me so much of Val from back home.
     After changing my clothes and about an hour of talking, she began to head out. "I've gotta finish some stuff in the main Greenhouse, keep those muffins!" She gathered her coat and walked to the door.
     "Do you mind if I walk with you? I want to check out the other greenhouse." I asked her as I put on my own coat.
     Olivia narrowed her eyes at me suspiciously, "Should you be walking around with the injury though?" She asked.
     I thought for a second but continued to zip up my coat, "Probably not.."
     She threw her head back and laughed loudly, "Ha! I love that! Come on!" 
      With the medicine already easing my pain, our walk went quickly. Olivia and I soon went our separate ways as she turned into Greenhouse A and I walked to the neighboring Greenhouse B.
    I used my key to unlock the old wooden door, and took off my coat.
      "Hello?" I called out.
      Ericks head popped out from behind a bookshelf in the office. 
      "Sylvia! Aren't you supposed to be home resting?" He asked and rushed over to where I stood.
      "I hadn't heard from you! Since... Since that whole thing happened to us." I hung up my coat as I spoke to him.
      "I was told you cracked a rib! You need to go right back to your house," He handed me the coat I had just hung up. "And rest." 
     I slowly took my coat back from him, "I am rested and the medicine is helping." I hung my coat back up. "Can we talk about what happened? Are you okay?" 
     He sighed and walked back to the shelf, where he was putting away books. "Yeah, I'm fine. I should be asking you, you fell pretty hard." He looked at me with concern.
     "It was crazy, right? That, that thing-"
     "It was a rouge." He cut me off quickly.
      I blinked at his answer. "Really? I don't know, I couldn't even see anything pulling me. I mean, there was nothing there-"
     "They're fast. And sneaky. You grew up in a pack, you know how dangerous they can be." Ericks commented as he walked away, to another shelf behind me. I turned in my seat to watch him.
      "Well, yeah.. But wouldn't you have smelled it? And sensed it nearby? I know whenever they set foot on another Pack's territory, just about every wolf can sense-"
      "It was snowy and windy, which can throw off a wolf's scent." He said in a clipped voice.
      "That's true I suppose.." Only to some extent. I watched him as he busied himself with the endless books.
      Did he not want to talk about it?
      "I don't know." I said as I played with a random empty notebook in my hands, "I couldn't see anything on my ankle-"
    "Well, I mean-" he started to argue.
    "Wouldn't Alarick have known immediately if a rouge had entered his territory? I thought all Alphas-"
     "He was probably just busy!" He defended.
    "And there are no bite marks anywhere-"
     "Sylvia, it was a rouge. That's all!" Ericks exclaimed loudly.
     I jumped in surprise at the sudden outburst. His eyes softened at my reaction and he lightly sighed. 
       "Sorry. Just- Let's drop it, okay? A rouge snook onto our territory and attacked us. Nothing more, nothing less." He took the notebook from my hands and bopped it on my head lightly. "I'm just glad you're okay." He gave a small smile and put the notebook away.
      I nodded my head at his words. "Yeah. Yeah, you're right, me too.." I replied, still surprised by his answer.
      We worked quietly in the greenhouse for the next few hours. There was some light friendly conversation here and there as we organized the shelves, but the woods topic was not brought up again. I tried to forget the matter and agree that it was a rouge, but his reaction to my bringing it up didn't sit well with me. 
       Why is he acting so strange?
       And why is he being so secretive?


Part 24

        After working in the Greenhouse with Ericks for a few hours, I decided to begin wrapping things up. I was long over due for a pain pill and a meal. Despite my first week of work not starting for a few days, Ericks had still let me help document some of the plants. I charted down the daily growth rate, soil temperatures, and dryness, of each plant while he continued re-organizing the massive bookshelf in the office. 
        The awkwardness after Erick's little outburst  about the woods was long gone, and we were both lost in our own work. But I still thought about our talk. He seemed so insistent that what happened to us in the woods, was because of a Rouge.
         Honestly? I don't buy it at all. To me, it's crystal clear that what we experienced in the forest was much more than some Rouge wolf. Something... different, powerful. 
        But if Ericks wants me to believe that, then I'll let him. For one reason or another, he clearly doesn't like discussing the matter. Strange, but I guess it's understandable.
      "Hey Ericks! I'm going to head out here soon." I called out behind me. "Anything ya need before I go?"
      He poked his head out from the shelf and nodded. "Okay. If ya wanna clean up that mess I made over there, you can?" He grinned at me, pleading.
      I smiled at him and rolled my eyes. He had just finished building a large wooden structure for the new plant Nursery, and made a mess while he was at it. A dozen of old metal tools littered the floor, along with the fresh soil and extra seeds he had just planted.
      "Such a pig.." I muttered as I bent down to collect the items.
      "I can hear you!" Ericks called from the other room.
       Reaching up over the newly planted seedbed, I dumped the rusty tools into the box on the high shelf.
      "Ooof." I winced, pulling my hand back. There was a small puncture on my finger, and little drops of blood rolled down onto the fresh soil beneath me. 
       Probably from Erick's old crusty toolbox...          I pressed on the tiny cut with my other finger, and stopped the little droplets of blood from falling. I sighed and scoffed at my luck. I need to go at least 24 hours without getting hurt somehow..
    As I was brushing off my dirty hands and turning away from the plant bed, something caught my eye. Just as I looked away, I whipped my head right back to the fresh patted down soil. 
     I watched in disbelief as several little light green stems grew upward from the dirt, before my very eyes. They were small and fresh, slowly rising from the ground.
     I blinked in shock and leaned in closer. After growing two or so inches, the stems came to a slow stop and stood straight up. 
     For a minute, I just stood there amazed at what I had just watched.
    "What..?" I whispered to myself, in awe at what I had just witnessed.
     Stepping closer as I gazed down at the plants. My mind was spinning as it tried to come up with a logical explanation for such a bizarre occurrence. Plants don't just grow like that...
      Immediately, I thought of the seeds Mr. Drake had given me. They were back at the house, planted in a small pot. But these seeds did something extraordinary as well, they all at once sprouted in my hand. 
       Could these plants have something in common? But they're completely different species of plants, what rare similarities could they share? Why do no Botany books, articles, or studies speak about such a thing like this? I can't be the only one who's witnessed this, right?
      I leaned down a lightly brushed my finger against the tiny new stems, as of confirming their existence.
      "I thought ya left." Ericks walked behind me with more tools in his hands, "Oh, did you plant some new guys in there?" He asked as he peeked down at the stems. 
     "Um.." I stood straight up and looked around, "Hey, I've gotta head back. See you later?" 
      He nodded as he put the tools into the box, "Sounds good, I'll lock up. Thanks for the extra help, Sylvia." He smiled. 
       I left the Greenhouse in a hurry. I had been taking home many Botany and Plant books from the Greenhouses lately, and I was determined to find an explanation. In the car crash, the seeds burst to life in my palm. In the soil bed, the grew two inches in seconds. 
     There's got to be a logical reason.
     I hurried down my long driveway, mindful of the growing ache in my side. Anxiously making it to the steps, I was about to insert my house key when I noticed the front door slightly ajar.
      Why is my door open..?
     I never even leave it unlocked, and surely not open.
     Goddess, did I leave it open?
     No, I know for a fact that I closed and locked this door this morning.
     I know I did.
     My brows furrowed in confusion as I pushed the door open hesitantly. Maybe Olivia came over again? Or Thomas? I mean, I know he has a key. At least he did yesterday.
     "Olivia?" I asked the empty house.
      When I received no answer and saw that the house looked just as I left it, I fully entered and closed the door behind me, my eyes still scanning the room. Maybe, I just left in a hurry this morning and didn't pay attention to what I was doing...?
      I shook my head at my thoughts, No, I'm not that forgetful.. I mean, forgetting to close and lock the front door.? The fact that this place is Alarick's personal guest house weighed heavy on me, and I was always sure to treat it respectfully.
       My stomach twisted at the situation. Why was my door open? I know I locked it. Was someone in here? And why are these plants defying nature? Why are there no books or studies on it?
       I found myself walking to the counter and taking a seat. I held my head in my hands and exhaled. For one long quiet moment, I didn't think. I closed my eyes and listened to my own breathing. 
     Okay. I'm making a mental list. 
     My phone is gone. I never lose or even misplace my phone.
     My door was unlocked and open, after I know for a fact that I did lock it.
     I've been attacked in the woods, and no one wants to discuss it. Like, at all.
     I've witnessed plants defy the laws of science, twice now.
     I've been in a bizarre and mysterious car crash.
     I exhaled and shook my head. I've led such an average life until coming here. Sure I'm adopted, and sure we don't exactly know where I came from, but my life has been steady. Loving parents. Loving brothers. Friends. My Pack. 
     So why are so many strange things happening here? Am I just paranoid? Is it only strange to me because I'm a human? Am I just nervous being away from home? Maybe I'm over analyzing all of this.
     A noise made me snap my head back up.
     Alarick's large frame stood in the doorway, silently watching me.
     I breathed out. "You scared me." I chuckled. I rubbed my face and fixed my hair as I stood up from my seat. He was staring at me like he was trying to peek into my brain. 
     "Um, would you like some water?" I avoided eye contact and walked into the kitchen.
      How long was he standing there?
     Alarick closed the door behind him and slowly took the seat I had just left, his eyes burning a hole into the side of my face. I took his silence as a 'yes' and placed a cup of water in front of him. I leaned against the sink with my own cup to my lips.
     "What's wrong?" He asked, finally speaking.
      I looked up and smiled. At least, as much as I could. "Nothing. Why?" 
      He didn't smile back and continued his intense stare directed at me, like he was studying my every move. I swear he was reading me like a book when he looked at me like that.
     I'm already so overwhelmed and his presence only makes my head spin even more...
      Just by sitting there, he was adding to the chaos in my head.
     "You're stressed out about something?" He asked me curiously.
      "No, not really." I gave him a small smile, but even I wanted to scoff at my lame excuse of a lie. "Excited to start work Monday." I said simply.
      I cleared my throat and emptied the cup in the sink. Going up stairs and searching through those Botany books sounded ideal to me. I was on a mission and didn't want any distractions. Even Alarick distractions. And I need to start finding some answers. 
     "I'm actually going to go rest for a bit. I need to lay down.." I said, still looking into the sink where I placed my cup. Actually, I needed to do some research on those plants...
       I peeked over at him. He had folded his hands together in front of his mouth and stared at me, blankly. The man was analyzing me.
       "Sylvia." He said my name slowly. Just a word, yet it sounded like he was asking me a million questions in it. 
      "What?" I asked him. I busied myself with rinsing out the cup I had just used for water again.
       I didn't look, but I knew he had gotten up from his seat. As I turned away from the sink, my nose lightly hit his chin. 
     Freaking Werewolf speed.
     I rubbed my nose, backed away, and craned my neck to meet his gaze. As usual, his eyes bore into my own intensely. He always looked at me like he was calculating my every single move. It was extremely unnerving. 
      "You already know that Werewolves can detect lies." I held his stare as he inched closer to me, slowly bringing his fingers up to my face. "It's all in the heartbeat." He said.
      He dragged his fingers across my jaw, leaving a trail of sweet tingles as he went. "Well. I'm not lying.." I muttered. 
      "No?" He asked softly. I almost closed my eyes when his warm hand cupped my cheek.
      "No.." I dragged out. 
      I could fall asleep right here..
      Why does his touch always make me want to just go to sleep?
     "You're so tired." He practically whispered.
     "No." I answered, leaning into him.
      His thumb traced feather light circles on the side of my face as he held me.
      "From your injury?" He asked. "The crash?"
      "Uhm. No." I struggled to answer him. 
      I mean, he was practically putting me to sleep.      "Then from what? Why are you so stressed?" His voice was gentle and firm.
       Honestly, I wasn't really listening. I was too fixateted on the hypnotic feeling of his hand on my cheek and his scent in my nose.
      "Sylvia."
      His hand left my cheek and went into my hair, pushing my head to rest on his shoulder. Almost every inch of me could feel him, causing butterflies to spread throughout my body. My hands gripped the front of his shirt while he held his face in my hair, inhaling deeply. 
       My backside hit the sink when he took a step forward, pushing us further into one another. My breathing was turning ragged as his hands trailed my body gently, pushing my back closer to into him, lightly wrapping around my waist, trailing my arms. He was making me feel a way that I hadn't felt before, and I couldn't tell if it excited me or terrified me. 
       "Alarick.." I breathed out.
        His arms tightened.
        He didn't stop as he dragged his nose up my neck and behind my ear, going back into my hair once again. His hand still cupped my head while the other was planted on my back, holding me to him. 
        "Oh.." I gasped at the overwhelming sensations he was causing my body, "Alarick." I spoke clearer. "I need- I'm going to go study." 
      "I thought you said you needed to rest." He spoke gently into my hair. 
      My eyes widened at that. "I-I do. I am. Tired." I stuttered and stood up straighter.
       I was surprised to see that his eyes were hooded and dark as he looked down at me. I felt him slowly retract his hand from my back as he stepped away quickly. He turned from me and went into the cupboard, pulling out one of my bottles of pain medication.
      Blinking the haze away in my mind, I turned around to refill my cup, catching on to what he was doing. Alarick stood in front of me, hand outstretched holding a tiny pill. I avoided his eyes and took it quickly.
       I need him to go so I can focus..
      "I'm.. turning in for the night." I said, choosing my words carefully.
       He nodded and took several steps backward, as if he was allowing me to escape. 
       I reached the stairs and looked back to where he was standing in the kitchen.
       "Goodnight." I told him.
        For the first time, a real smile graced his face. I stared at the new expression as little wrinkles formed near his cheeks and eyes. 
       "Sleep well, Sylvia."


Part 25

   "Don't you see that I'm helping you, foolish girl?!" The old woman's voice cried out in frustration. By now, her feeble old voice was recognizable to me. It's one of the two voices that I always hear in my sleep.
        The familiar scene of darkness was laid out before me, just like all the other times I had these strange dreams. There was nothing for me to see or touch, only voices to listen to. 
     "No! No! I won't!" The younger woman begged desperately while she cried. "We could run! I can take her and run! It doesn't have to be this way!"
      Despite never being able to see in these recurring dreams, I could tell the two were in a small due to the way their voices bounced off the walls.
       "He will kill you! He will kill you if we don't, he'll kill all of us!" The old woman's raspy voice snapped, "You think you can outrun an Alpha and his men? You think our fate isn't already sealed? Do you think I want to be doing this?!" 
      My chest tightened as her words became louder and louder, angrier and angrier with passing moment. What were they talking about? What was going on?
      "Have faith! We have to at least try!" The younger woman's voice pleaded. "I can't! I can't-"
      "No! No, you will do this!" She muttered. "She will live. She will live long and she will live happy. That is the best gift you can give her, as her mother. You hear me?! Give her this! Give her this chance at life! You take her and run, you'll be chased like a rabbit and slaughtered."
      The younger woman sobbed quietly.
      There was a long pause as she cried.
      "These next steps will not be easy, child. But they are steps you that must take in order for your daughter to survive this." The older woman solemnly warned her.
         I blinked my eyes open. Tears rolled down my cheeks as I sat up in my bed. I felt out of breath, I felt so heartbroken and just upset. It had been a while since I've had one of these haunting dreams, and as usual, they left me feeling raw, emotional, and distraught.
        For a brief moment, I thought of Lila. She was the only one I could really talk to about this. But I know that I need to start dealing with these kinds of things on my own, I can't rely on her.         I sighed and rubbed the sleep away from my face. I'm not going to focus on the dream, at least not today. Not with everything else going on as well.. So I pushed it from my mind. 
          I looked around at the floor of my bedroom, noticing all the books and papers covering the hardwood. After Alarick had left, I went straight away to studying these books. 
      Alarick...
     Butterflies blossomed in my stomach at the thought of him. Last night... The sweet way he held me so close to him. It's almost as though he knew I needed comforting. And with everything going on, I certainly did.
     How did he know?
     I spent a minute smiling to myself, replaying how he cradled my face with his hands. I shook my head. 
     Focus, Syl.
     I looked back to all the books on the ground. Of course, not a single of them discussed any instant growth in plants, or anything of the sort. I searched through 13 different Botany study books, 7 articles on Fae based plants, and many, many internet documents and studies. 
      Nothing.
     I vaguely remember giving up and crawling into bed, annoyed at my lack of answers yet feeling determined. This isn't something I can just brush off.
      But today, I needed to explore the territory more. My job will officially begin in a few short days, and I want to have a better understanding of the Pack's layout. Nervousness filled me at the thought of venturing far outside again. Last time I did that was with Ericks in the woods, and it certainly did not end well.
      Seeing the heavy snowfall outside, I dressed in thick black leggings and a matching fluffy sweater. I put on a bit more makeup, knowing that I'll be seeing many new faces today. Part of me wanted to text Olivia or Ericks to see if they'd accompany me, but I still hadn't found my cell phone.
       I need to get a new one.. I can't be living alone in a new Pack with no type of communication.       I quickly ate, took a pain pill, took my vitamins, and hurried out the door, locking it tight behind me. My plan is to check the Greenhouses first... There's a good chance either of my friends could be there now working.
      I began the walk and turned down onto the path leading to the Greenhouses. There, a figure was walking towards me. I slowed my steps and watched.
      "Ah, Morning pretty lady!" 
      Thomas smiled brightly as he approached me. I furrowed my brows for a moment. Why was he at the end of my driveway?
       "Beta Thomas.. Good Morning." I greeted him back.
       "Oh please, you may call me Thomas." He smiled and stopped in front of me. "How's your rib?"
       "Good. It's good, healing." I smiled, "Um, were you walking to my house?"
       "Yes I was, dear." He grinned and stood beside me and we continued walking. "I just wanted to check on you. This is a new place and you're all alone here."
      His words certainly didn't feel encouraging...
       "And you really shouldn't be walking anywhere alone, little Sylvia. You are, quite literally, a sheep among the wolves." He smiled widely and chuckled. 
        Yep. Definitely still hate this guy.
       "Shall I take you to the Pack House?" He asked.
        The last time I was in the Pack house wasn't that long ago at all. I remember Alarick carrying me to the Pack Doctor's office the night of the attack. 
      "Um, alright. I'd love to see the dinning hall and kitchen as well." I said.
     He grinned down at me and continued the light conversation. I surely wasn't a Thomas-fan, but appreciated his help in showing me around. I feel as though it'd look strange, an unknown human wandering around the territory alone.
     The late morning dragged on as he showed me various places on the land. Everything about this place was beautiful. Mighty tall Pine trees covered in thick white snow, little dirt paths to follow leading to different areas, fences overtaken by vines canopying over the trails. It was like a scene out of a fantasy.
    "And this is the front entrance of the Pack House." Thomas said.
     It was a huge, yet charming building.
     A thin delicate stairway lead up to a large door. Massive bushes surrounded the stairs and long porch, making the large building seem home-like. Even standing out here, I could faintly hear chatter and laughter from the inside. The familiar scene made me homesick.
     Suddenly a thought hit me. 
      "Thomas! Would it be alright if I used your phone?" I asked him, excited.
       He answered quick, "Ah, I don't believe I brought it with me-"
       "Yes, you just used it a minute ago. While we were walking." I pointed out.
       He looked down at me for a moment, as if I had caught him. "Oh. How silly of me, you're right. Here you are, my dear." He replied, placing the device in my hands.
      Why didn't I think of borrowing a phone sooner?Come on, Sylvia!              I thanked him and walked over to a small bench near the side garden. I quickly punched in my brothers number.
      "Hello Th-"
      "Leo?" I asked quickly.
      Silence filled the air.
       "....Sylvia?" 
       "Leo! I lost my phone! I've been meaning to call you, I- I miss you so much! So much has happened here already and I-"
      " Woah, Syl! Slow down." He laughed dryly. "You lost your phone? How did that happen?"
      "I don't really know, I guess I misplaced it.. Hey, you could track it for me?" I asked him.
      "Well, no. I- uh took that tracker off. How are you? Are you okay?" 
        "You took it off?" I laughed, "You tried to make me wear a GPS ring a year ago, why now would you take the tracker off my phone?"
      "You're an adult now! All independent, how are you doing?" He asked me.
       I furrowed my brows in confusion. "Oh. Okay then, I'm good. I'm good, some crazy things-"
      "I'm glad to hear that sis. Hey, I've got to jump off. You know, all these new Alpha duties-" 
      "Oh, wait! Can I talk to Jack? I can't remember his number exactly-"
      "Jacks not here right now. But ya know what? I'll tell him you that called! I- I love you, Sylvia. Okay? Bye-bye." He said hurriedly and ended the call.
      I took the phone away from my ear and stared at the black screen. 
     He totally just pushed me off the phone.
     Why?
     I'm not going to lie, that hurt. I've been missing them and my home so much lately, why didn't he want to talk more? It's been days, I have so much I need to tell him..
       Maybe he truly was just busy.. But still. He didn't even try to sound excited as we spoke. How long did we even talk?
      I tapped the home screen once more. 
     (3) Leonardo Jacobs                        0:58
      58 seconds? Really Leo?
      Once again, my brows lowered in confusion.  Wait, why does Thomas have my brothers phone number already saved? And why does it say he's called Leo three times?
      "All done?" Thomas grinned and approached me.
      I turned around to face him, "Why do you have my brothers phone number saved on your phone?" I asked.
       His face dropped for a second before he recovered, "Ah, that's- it's for your safety. An emergency contact-"
      "Why does it say that you have already called him 3 different times?" I asked.
      "Well, I wanted to make sure it was a reliable number to reach, of course!" He said defensively.
      "So you called three separate times?" 
       Thomas laughed dryly, "Well, it's common for Alphas to speak with other Packs! You know this-"
      "But not to the Packs Beta, rather their Alpha. And surely not this Pack, Greycove. You guys are known for being private and-" 
      He took a step closer, "Sylvia, let's discuss this later, in private-"
     "Why can't we discuss it now?" I asked.
      "Discuss what?" 
       We both turned our heads to see Alarick's large form standing a few feet away, with a blank expression on his face.
      "Good Morning, Alpha! I just gave Sylvia here a little tour." He smiled looking between Alarick and I.
      I continued my accusing stare at Thomas, as a million questions sprouted in my mind.
      How does my brother know Thomas?
      Why have they been speaking? 
      Why didn't Leo tell me?
       "Sylvia." 
       I broke out of my thoughts and looked to Alarick. He stood there, staring at me for an answer. 
      "Perhaps we can all finish the tour toget-"
      "No." I said, jerking my head back to Thomas. 
      "You're dismissed Beta. Thank you." Alarick cut him off, stepping forward and in between us.
     Thomas hesitated for a quick moment before looking to me, smiling, nodding, and walking away.
      I narrowly watched his retreating form disappear down a snowy path. I had so many questions to ask him. Does he know why Leo was acting so cold? How do they know each other? How long had they been communicating with each other?
      I flinched when something warm brushed against my wrist. Alarick's hand jerked backward at my jump, before slowly returning to my skin. I looked up from our hands and met his gaze.
     His hazel eyes bore into my own, searching for answers. "You're troubled? About what?"
      How does he always know?
      I stared at him for a moment and scoffed lightly, "I'm not- No, I'm not troubled." I told him.
      Alarick's stare burned into me as I backed away from him. I need to follow Thomas, I need answers from him.
      "I'm going now.." I stepped away from him and headed towards the path Thomas had just taken.
      Again, his warm hand shot out and locked around my wrist. "Leave him, Sylvia."
      "What?" I asked, pausing my movements.
      "Whatever you need from Beta Thomas, ask me instead. I'll do it for you. I'll drive you wherever you want to go." He told me.
     My heart swelled at his words. 
     I stood there a little bit speechless as I examined his handsome face. A large part of me wanted to stay here with him. But my curiosity regarding Thomas and my brother was getting the better of me. 
     "I... I just need- I wanted to ask him some-"
     "Ask me." Alarick said as he stepped closer to me, still caressing my wrist lightly. 
     His thumb swirled little circles on my skin as he inched closer to me again, as if trying to persuade me. And his sweet touches almost did.
      "Alarick.."
      "Tell me." He said lowly. His head dipped down to touch the top of my own, making butterflies erupt in my stomach. I could feel myself getting sucked into the same haze of sensations that always seems to accompany his presence.
      I stepped away fast. I can't do this right now, I need to find Thomas and demand answers. I'm not adding this situation to the list of bizarre occurrences here.
      "I can't. I can't right now.." I said. I took another wide step backwards when he came towards me again. "I've- I need to go."
      I couldn't help but feel guilty as I turned to walk away from him, as if I were doing something wrong. But I wasn't, I deserved answers to whatever the hell is going on in this place. 
     It was a battle in my head to not look back at Alarick as I forced my legs down the snow covered path.


Part 26

        I hurried down the snowy path, cautious of my still-healing side injury. Thomas was nowhere in sight, but I knew he had gone down this way. Luckily, it was still bright out and I could easily follow the winding and twisting trail.
      Forcing the thoughts of Alarick from my mind wasn't easy. I still felt awful, knowing he wanted to speak to me and I had pushed him away. But I need an explanation from Thomas first. I'm quickly growing tired of not having answers; I'm tired of being so confused all the time. 
        And now my brother is somehow involved? That one detail alone seemed to fuel my determination.
        Finally, I saw his figure ahead. He was speaking with another man, near a few small houses. The pair quickly entered a tiny house, leaving the door open behind them.  I slowed my pace as I neared the side of the house, just barely able to make out their conversation.
     "-lots of privacy protections and walls around the device. I'm sorr-"
      Thomas cut off the other man, "Enough of your blabber already. Can you get into the phone or not?" 
      His cold, harsh tone contrasted his usual cheery one.
      "I can continue trying. This isn't a normal Smartphone, Beta. It's been locked and protected in multiple ways, some I haven't even seen before.. Quite fascinating.."
      "Figure it out or I'll find someone who can. And keep quiet about this.. Don't waste my time." Thomas's voice barked out, followed by a loud slam.
       I started to back away quickly, sensing their conversation was over, when something locked around my arm, roughly jerking me backwards. My back fell against a hard surface as I landed in the bushes. A hand quickly covered my mouth as Thomas stormed out of the small house, slamming the wooden door shut behind him.
      My heart pounded in my chest as I watched him hurry down another dirt road. I pulled my head away from the hand and looked over my shoulder.
     Ericks smiled down at me, "Spying on the Beta? You've got some balls for a human." 
     I exhaled deeply and flopped against his chest, "You just scared the shit out of me.."
     "No, I just saved you from getting caught. You're welcome." He laughed and shoved me off of him.
      We stood up and brushed the snow off of our clothes. Ericks plucked a leaf out of my hair and looked at me sternly, "What're you thinking, Sylvia? Eavesdropping on Beta Thomas. What if he saw you?"
      I sighed, "I needed to talk to him, but he was busy. I was just waiting for him, is all.." 
     Ericks scoffed at me, "Yeah, waiting! Behind the side of the house, looking all sneaky. What'd you need to talk to him about anyways?" He asked me. 
      "Nothing really. I was-"
       "Ericks!"
        We turned to see a group of people coming towards us from the woods.
     "We are definitely talking about this later though.". He turned away and whispered, "I want the scoop."
        Great.
      "Some of my pals." He said and gestured to a few people approaching us from the trees.
      "Sylvia!" 
      Olivia's now bright orange head popped out from behind the group.
      "Olivia." I smiled back at her, watching her squeeze around her crowd of friends.
       "What a coincidence! We were all about to go hang out at the lake. Are you free? Wanna come with us? Whatcha doing out here?" She shot out a million questions. "You look ragged. Hah! There's snow on your butt, did you just fall?"
       I glimpsed at the others. They seemed open and kind as they playfully teased one another, which was ironic considering their Pack is known for being so cold and private.
      "To the lake? Isn't it a bit cold to be hanging outside?" I laughed as she linked arms and pulled me along.
      "For the humans, it's cold." A male voice chirped behind me, followed by laughs.
      "Yeah, no holding us back Missy." Ericks bumped my shoulder and walked ahead of us, joining some guys. "Try to keep up with us wolves."
       I smiled at their playful antics and happily followed along.
      After two hours of chit chat and socializing by the water with the others, I gave up. It was freezing, and I knew I had to throw in the towel. One important thing I learned growing up, is that no matter how much I wanted to fit in with the wolves, I had to remember that I don't have the same abilities as them. 
       Like, staying outside all day in freezing temperatures.
      "Hey, come to the Pack House tonight for dinner!" Olivia chimmed as I said my goodbyes.
      "Oh yeah, we're doing a big-ass pizza night." A boy named Trevor mentioned.
      "By big-ass, he means 30 plus pizzas." Alana, Ericks friend, added with a grin. 
     "That sounds fun." I smiled back. "I'll meet you all there!" I waved as I started to walk away, stepping over logs and brush. 
      Another boy named Nate had given me clear instructions on finding my way back to my house, and I was confident in being able to. The walk was a bit long at just under 15 minutes, but it was a straight shot. Straight through the woods, following a messy gravel path, and turning onto the main road. Easy and simple. 
     I was almost concerned at how unafraid I was, traveling through the dark forest alone. If I had any common sense at all, I'd steer clear of this area given what happened last time. But as usual, I found an extreme amount comfort in the nature around me. It was so soothing, like I could finally take a clear deep breath. 
        I dragged my hand along the dark trees as I walked down the rocky trail, thinking. The crisp air cleared my head as I thought about the earlier events. I finally had time to think about Thomas, and what I had overheard in the private conversation.
       He was having someone try to break into a cell phone. That part was clear. A chill ran down my spine as I remembered his icy demanding voice when he spoke to the other man earlier.
     But who's phone is he investigating?
     Could it... could it be mine?
     The thought felt like a reach, it felt almost too crazy. But was it, really? My own phone went missing days ago. And... And Thomas has recently been in my house. Was it a coincidence? Was my initial gut feeling about the Pack Beta right?
      But why on Earth would Thomas feel the need to break into my phone?
     Was he suspicious of me?
     Was Alarick suspicious of me?
      I tried to dismiss the bizarre theory I had running in my mind, but it stuck to me. I mean after all, Thomas was the only one in my house the night my phone went missing.
     "Are you dumb?" 
      A man's voice snapped me out of my thoughts. Nate, the guy from earlier at the lake, stood in the trees, holding branches away from his face as he looked down at me. 
      "What?" I asked him.
      Nate smiled and jumped down from the dead logs he was on top of. "Are you dumb?" He asked me again.
      I stared at him in confusion.
      "Just cause I told you that your home was a straight shot, remember? You only needed to follow the gravel path." He said as he joined my side.
      "I know that. I didn't forget." I told him.
       Nate looked at me and then around at our surroundings, "So why are you in the middle of the forest? You're so far off the trail, I almost didn't find ya." he said jokingly. 
        I looked around at my surroundings. He was right. The trail was long gone, and dead branches and fallen trees heavily covered the ground. The branches of the pine trees were so high up and thick, it blocked the sun and made the forest seem dark. 
        What in the hell?
       "Kidding. I would've found you." He added.
        I shook my head, "I was just on the path a moment ago." I said, bewildered at our location.
     Nate looked around again, "No ya weren't. Path is way back that way. Like way, way back." 
     "How far back?" I asked him.
       His hand pressed into my lower back, signaling me to start walking ahead. "Like 30 minutes of walking, back. You're really deep in the woods, I mean, I shifted and ran here."
       I shook my head again, "No I was literally just on the path a minute ago. I certainly haven't been walking for over 30 minutes." I laughed in disbelief. 
      He turned to look at me. "Well, your face says otherwise. You look like you're freezing, Sylvia." Nate poked my cheek with his finger as we went.
     I held my hand to my face and once again, saw that he was right. My cheek felt raw and icy. It almost stung when I held my warm palm to it. 
      Goddess... Have I really been out here that long..?
     Nate took off his scarf and wrapped it around my neck sloppily. 
     "That's not necessary!" I chuckled when he missed and folded the cloth over my mouth.
     "Do you not realize how long you've been out here? Honestly, your nose is bright red." He said sternly.
     "I swear I haven't been out here that long..." I mumbled into the scarf.
     "Yeah? Alright, then how'd you get this far into the woods?" He said, bumping my shoulder. 
      His question bothered me. How did I get out this far? Just a moment ago I was walking on the gravel trail as I thought about Thomas, I know I was. 
       It wasn't 30 minutes ago, right? 
       It couldn't have been. 
       When did I even leave the trail? 
       "You good?" Nate asked me as we walked.
       "Yeah. Just giving myself a headache." I only half-joked.
        He laughed loudly before turning to me with a smile, "Wanna get back faster?" 
       "You don't mean it." I chuckled.
      "Sure, I do!" He smiled, "Besides, you've gotta get out of this cold. Want to?" 
       I stopped walking and looked around, smiling at his suggestion. "Seriously?" 
       Nate grinned and took several steps backwards. I watched as he quickly shifted into a large brown wolf. Growing up in a pack, I've seen the transformation hundreds of times, yet it never ceased to amaze me. 
      He stepped forward and leaned down low to the ground. I chuckled again before reaching a hand out onto his thick, rough fur. It's been so long since I went for a ride.
      I pulled myself up onto his back and got comfortable as he stood. Nate's massive head shook playfully before he took off, slowly at first. We gained speed as he darted through the dark trees, leaping over rotting logs and brush. The icy winter wind blew through my hair and scarf, waking up all of my senses. I almost forgot how amazing it felt.
     Eventually we came to a clearing, where the trees ended and the snow covered brown grass began. My little house was in sight, right across from the field we had come out of. I turned and smiled at Nate, giving him a little wave before he bolted off along the tree line. I chuckled, still feeling giddy from the ride. It was a much needed distraction, and I'm grateful I didn't have to walk all that way home.
      I began the short walk to my house, ready to sit down and ponder the mysterious happenings of the day to myself.


Part 27

       I anxiously walked across the small field to my house, ready for the warm air. Unlocking the door and closing it firmly behind me, I took a minute to enjoy the toasty house. I was tired. A lot had happened in such a short morning! 
        The long tour with Thomas, running into Alarick, discovering those strange phone calls to Leo, overhearing Thomas's conversation, the peculiar walk in the woods, Ericks, Olivia, Nate, all of it! 
      I need a nap. 
     No, I still need to talk to Thomas.
     I furrowed my brows. What could he and my brother have possibly talked about? How do they even know of each other?
     I pried off my heavy boots and unwrapped the thick scarf from my neck.
     I'll have to remember to return this...
     "Where were you?"
     I recognized his voice instantly. Twirling around, I saw him sitting in the living room chair facing me. I was taken aback for a moment by the cold look on his usually expressionless face.
     "Goodness, Alarick!" I exclaimed.
      His expression didn't change as I clutched my chest in surprise. Did they darken a bit as well..? 
      "Wha- When did you get in here?" I asked him.
      "Where were you?" He asked again as he slowly rose from the chair.
       I paused before answering, confused by the tense atmosphere. I could immediately sense his sour mood. "With some new friends I met." I told him as I put my coat and scarf on the hook.
        His eyes narrowed as they followed the scarf in my hand.
       "And why do you have that?" 
        I followed his cold glare to the hanging cloth. "Oh. Nate let me borrow it- It's really freezing outside. I should've worn something warmer." I added with a dry laugh, in a lame attempt to lighten his mood. 
       "So you were with Nathanial." He spat out the words accusingly.
       What's with him?
       It's strange seeing him in a foul mood..
       "...Yes, I was. Like I told you, I was with new friends." I explained.
      "Were you alone with him?" 
      I nodded my head, "I guess so, yes."
      "So you weren't with friends. Just him." He pointed out.
       "I was with friends. At one point, yes, I was briefly alone with Nate." I said as a-matter-of-fact.
       "Sylvia.." he growled out my name like a warning. "Why were you-"
       "Wait- my door was definitely locked when I left. How'd you get in here? Do you have a key too?" I asked.
       "Too? Who else has a key?" He quickly stepped closer to me.
      "Thomas and I. How long have you-"
       "Thomas?" He questioned loudly. "You gave Thomas a key to the house you're staying in?" He asked me, bewildered.
      "What? No! Why would I give him a key?!"
       Alarick rubbed the back of his head in frustration, "You just said that he had one-"
       "Well I didn't give-"
      "So you were out spending alone time with Nathanial and giving Thomas a key to your home." He scoffed harshly.
        His cold tone hurt more than the sarcasm.
        "I said it was only a moment that I was alone with Nate. And I didn't give Thomas a key!" I told him shakily. 
       "Then why does he have one?!" 
       "I don't know, Alari-"
       "You don't know?!" His voice grew louder with his frustration. 
       "Don't yell at me!" I raised my voice back at him, blinking away the growing wetness in my eyes. 
        Unfortunately, I was one of those people who easily cry when they're angry. It's like a bodily reaction to any type of conflict. And it's times like these that I curse the characteristic. 
       I quickly turned away from him. 
       But I didn't miss the surprise on his face before I turned away. 
       Honestly Sylvia, do not start crying right now!
       Why does this man always have such a strong effect on me?
       Stupid Werewolf! 
       Stupid!
       I took a moment for the lump in my throat to disappear before saying something. 
       "Did you need something from me, or not?" I asked him coldly. If he's going to behave this way, then I'd rather he just get out. My cheery mood from earlier was quickly disappearing.
        As usual, I was met with his silence. 
        I sighed and walked away from him and into kitchen. My eyes burned as I tried my best to withhold the tears from falling. With my back still facing Alarick, I opened the fridge. 
       "If you don't need anything, then I'll see you later." I told him as I grabbed a water from the shelf. For some reason, this petty, tiny, unimportant, conflict with him already had me in tears. 
       Turning around, my forehead almost smacked his face. 
        I jerked away from him, but his arms quickly circled around me. He pulled me to his chest roughly, arms locking around my waist. I dropped the water as he held me against him. 
     I suddenly struggled to remember why I was even upset with him in the first place.
     "Let go of me..." I mumbled weakly into his shirt, still bothered by his harsh attitude.
      His arms tightened around my form in response. 
      Butterflies erupted in my stomach and the strangely familiar tingles spread throughout my body. Even when I was angry with him, I loved how it felt when he held me like this. But my annoyance at him still wasn't completely gone.
     "Alarick." I said in a firm voice as I struggled against his firm hold, trying to pull away. 
     "I'm sorry." He spoke into my neck.
      Both his warm breath and his words gave me little goosebumps.
      "I'm sorry." He repeated. "I'm sorry.."
       I stopped my struggling and listened. It was strange hearing his usually confident and firm voice sound so vulnerable.
       He's giving me whiplash over here.
       His light facial hair tickled against my neck and his hands remained locked around my waist, holding me in place against him. We sat like that in silence for a few moments. 
      "Why were you angry at me?" I asked him quietly, focusing on keeping my voice steady.
       In an instant his hands cradled my face as he looked at me closely. "Not at you." he said, holding my gaze. "Not- I shouldn't have yelled.". 
       "Then why?" I asked.
        He sighed quietly and traced his thumbs back and forth on the side of my cheeks. 
       I was almost dazed, watching his hazel eyes dart around my face. Like he was thinking hard.
       I waited for his answer.
       "No one knew where you were. I checked with Thomas after you- after you followed him, and he hadn't seen you. My Gamma caught your scent leading far deep into the woods and lost it. You weren't picking up any calls." 
      He was worried?
      I pulled my head back to look at him, "My phone is missing. And I didn't know you were looking for me.. I'm sorry."
     "Your phone is missing?" He asked.
       I thought of Thomas, and the conversation that I had overhead.
       "Yeah. Must've dropped it somewhere.." I trailed off, brushing off the details.
         I mean, that's not technically a lie...
         His eyes bore into mine. I'm sure he can tell I'm holding something back, but he doesn't push for more information.
        Alarick pulled my face forward with his hands, and pressed his lips to my hairline. 
        My heart exploded in my chest. 
        His warm lips lingered there for a long minute before slowly pulling away. He trailed his hands off of my face and down the sides of my neck, "I'll have a new device sent to you in the morning.". His breath fanned my face as I nodded.
      "Okay.." I breathed out. 
       He pressed his forehead to my own.
       Just as I closed my eyes, he pulled away. 
      Without even thinking, I reached forward and gripped the bottom edge of his coat as he began to walk away.
       Whoops.
       Alarick turned back around to face me. I quickly let go of the material and laughed lightly at my childish action.
       "Sorry. I-"
        He quickly stepped forward and gathered me in his arms in one swift movement. Again, his nose found my neck and he inhaled deeply. His hands wrapped around my lower back, slowly feeling my every curve as they went.
      "Alarick." I breathed out in a shaky voice.
      I wanted so badly to tell him everything, to completely spill my guts. Which is strange, because in reality I don't know him that well at all. Yet, here I was wrapped up in his arms for- what, a third time?
    I wanted to tell him about the strange plants. About Thomas and my phone, about my door being open that day, about the weird walk in the woods, about Leo and Thomas's private calls. All of it. 
     The strange happenings that I continue to witness here weigh heavy on my mind, and it's slowly becoming too much for me alone. I feel like I need to spill to someone, anyone. I don't know what to do with all this strange information, someone needs to see these bizarre details as well..
     His nose pressed into the side of my hair while a hand went up to cradle the side of my head. 
       Goddess above...
       I bravely brought my hands up to rest on his firm chest, which earned a low rumble coming from him. I was surprised to feel his own heart beating just as fast as mine. 
       "I have to let go of you now," He mumbled in a deep voice, "or I won't be able to leave your side tonight." 
       Surprised at his words, I went against my body's desire and stepped back. I raised a hand to my cheek, feeling how warm it was, and turned away, "Okay." 
     I cleared my throat, retrieved the long forgotten water, and peeked back at him. He stood in the same spot, watching me. Pushing my hair behind my ear, I looked around. I wasn't sure on what next to say. 
     "I'll see you tomorrow." I spoke quietly.
      Alarick nodded his head a few times and made his way to the front door. "...Lock this.." He turned then knob in his hand and looked back at me.
      "I will." I told him as he opened the door and stepped out onto the porch. I watched him turn back to face me again. 
       "And Sylvia? No more woods. If you must, just please, not alone." He firmly held my gaze as he spoke, as if ensuring that I was actually hearing his words. "Never alone."
       I nodded my head.
     I spent the rest of the afternoon trying to focus on anything other than Alarick. Which of course, was much easier said than done. So, I ate, I cleaned, I did laundry, I watered my plants, I organized books, I studied, and I ate again. In my mind, I was telling myself that I was staying busy to avoid Alarick-related thoughts. 
     But in reality, I was avoiding much more disturbing ones. 
     I didn't want to think about Thomas, and the possibility of him being behind my phones disappearance. 
      Was it just a coincidence? I didn't want to think about my walk in the woods, and how I had wandered so far off the path without realizing. I mean, was I really just not paying attention? How had I walked for 30 minutes off of the trail without noticing? How did that happen? It's doesn't seem right, none of this seems right.
      I shook my head, as if the action would shoo the thoughts away. I had so much going on in my head. Alarick and the strange connection I feel with him, Greycove and all of the mysterious things that take place here, my brothers and the new-found distance in our relationship. 
       All of this and I haven't even started work yet.
      "Ugh." I moaned into my hands.
      Too much in m head!
     At least I have that little pizza night in the Pack House soon.. That should be fun.
      Hopefully.
     The reminder of tonight helped me shift my focus. I was anxious for a distraction from my own wandering mind. And I was also looking forward to seeing those people again. They all seemed so kind at the lake earlier.
    Realizing the time, I quickly got ready to leave. I turned off all the lights and was sure to lock the door firmly behind me, thinking of Alarick's reminder. After Thomas's tour this morning, I can pretty easily remember my way to the Pack House without any trouble.
       I could already feel the worrying thoughts leaving my mind as I started down the driveway.


Part 28

     
      The walk to the pack house was simple. Long, but simple. In fact, I loved it. The quiet crunch of dead leaves under my feet, my breath clouding in front of my face. The wind pushing through the trees, making a lovely hum of all the Pine branches swaying together.
       "Evening!"
        Andddd it was gone.
       I turned to see Thomas approaching me.
      "Thomas!" I greeted him. 
     "Walking alone again, hm? You know the sun is setting don't you, dear?" He said with an unnerving smile.
       Kinda creepy...
      "Just headed to the Pack house." I answered. "Hey, I want to know more about your call with my brother." I took a step closer to him. 
       Thomas scoffed lightly and looked around, "Yes. Yes, I figured you'd want to discuss it eventually.." 
      "I just want to know how you know each other, is all. And why you've had multiple phone calls with him." I explained. 
      Thomas was quick to answer.
     "It's quite simple! You see, Leonardo was nervous sending his little sister to a new place. He wanted someone to look out for you. To take care of you. To watch over and protect you."
      I furrowed my brows as I thought about his words. "....And that person is you?" I asked.  
      His smiled widened as he looked at me. "Of course, dear. It's only appropriate as a high ranking Pack Member."
       "Huh..." I looked down as we began to walk. "That doesn't make a lot of sense. He was so anxious for me to come here quickly. I mean, I was shocked when he suddenly insisted that I move here earlier than my planned date.." I trailed off.
       "Oh, you know how big brothers are! So protective of their precious little sister." Thomas looked over at me as he spoke. "He must've been worried, that's all.".
       I frowned. 
       I don't like his smile...
       I was quiet for a few moments while I thought.
      "So you're telling me that Leo has been speaking to you in order to check up on me?" 
    "Yes!" He nodded.
    "...And he doesn't want me to know it?"
     "Precisely, Sylvia. He doesn't call often, just every now and again." He said sweetly. "It's nothing abnormal."
       I don't believe him at all.
      That's unlike Leo. Why wouldn't he just call me?
     "Hm. Well, in that case I'm sorry for how I acted when I saw your call history. I know I got pretty weirded out over it." 
     Thomas grinned at me.
      I'll play this game with him, happily. 
      For now, he can believe that I'm oblivious to whatever he's hiding. But I know my brothers like I know the back of my hand. And I know Leo wouldn't do something like that. 
      Finally, the Pack House came into view. We said our goodbyes, in which Thomas felt inclined to give me a more-than-awkward hug. I was grateful to escape him when I went inside.
      Opening the small door, my ears instantly filled with chatter, laughter, and light music. The entire scene made me briefly think of home. The smell of pizza filled my nose as I entered the massive house. A few people looked over at me with curious eyes, probably already knowing who I was.
      Happens a lot when you're the only human.
      I gotta find someone I know...
      I answered the stares with a smile, and hurried through the crowd. Nate, Ericks, or Olivia, have to be here somewhere. Or even a face I'd recognize from earlier at the Lake..
       I took a deep breath and continued throughout the house. It was somewhat similar to my own Pack House back home. A big home-y building with different rooms and sitting areas. Except this one was larger. And filled with strangers. 
     "Sylvia?" 
     I turned to see Nate, smiling down at me. He squeezed past some people to approach where I stood.
     "Hey!" I greeted. "Oh! Dang, I should've brought your scarf.." 
     Nate chuckled, "No worries, you keep it! I have plenty more; don't really use them much either. Have you had some pizza?" 
    I shook my head, "No, I just now walked in. Is Olivia here? Or Ericks?" 
   He nodded and gestured for me to follow.
   I trailed after him through the small crowd. There wasn't a crazy amount of people here, but there was a lot of busyness. People bringing in pizza, taking out the trash, young kids climbing the furniture. And lots of groups. Just about everyone was huddled off with at least one other person, laughing or talking in their own conversation. It made me grateful for Nate being here.
     "M'lady." Nate said playfully as he led me to a tall stack of pizza boxes.
     I smiled and shook my head, "Wolf appetites never cease to amaze me." 
     "Grab a plate. Ericks and Olivia are outside." He smiled and filled his own plate as well.
     We both carried our paper plates through the sea of people until making it to a back door. Nate held it open as we went through.
     "Oooh! Sylvia!" 
     I recognized Olivia's energized voice quickly and smiled. She sat in front of a fire with at least a dozen others.
     "No hi for me?" Nate asked playfully. 
     The two goofed off while I picked an open seat next to Olivia. 
     "Glad ya made it." Ericks grinned from across the fire as he stuffed his face.
     "Well thanks for inviting me." I told him. 
      The group of people talked on top of each other. Many times someone would randomly greet me, or ask a quick question before returning to their own lively conversation. Everyone here was close friends with one another. They all truly seemed like a family, a Pack. 
       As time went on, the crowd died out and the sun went down quickly. People scurried off to continue their private talks elsewhere and the noise was slowly dying down. I laughed lightly as I listened to Ericks and Olivia argue over a totaled car and who was to blame. 
      "Hi." 
       I turned to see a girl come sit next to me.
       She looked around my age, with short golden curls framing her face.
      "Hey." I smiled.
      "You're that plant human, right?" She smiled.
       I laughed at the bluntness. "Yes, my name is Sylvia." I told her.
       She nodded and sipped her drink as she looked at me. "Gotcha. I'm Kacey." 
       "Nice to meet you." 
       "Mhm." She smiled, "So I just wanted to ask you about Nathan. You seem like you're trying to be his friend." She laughed.
        Uh. Okay.
       "Nate and I are friends." I smiled politely back at her. "Do you know him too?"
      Kacey scoffed, "Yes, Sylvia. Yes, I know him very well. Everyone knows each other here, were a Pack." 
     "Oh. Yes, right.." I awkwardly chuckled at her harsh tone. 
      There was a long silence between us.
      Welp. She's not very nice. 
       "It's just.." she sipped her drink causally, "Like our friend groups are already formed, ya know? And for wolves, it's hard for us to adjust to a human being around now. Some of us really aren't...comfortable."
     I didn't miss her eyes look me up and down.
     She sighed and took a bite of pizza, "But I guess we'll have to try to adjust for you..." she trailed off.
     "Ah.. Thanks. I guess." I chuckled at her bold words. Well. At least she's honest. 
     "Nates been all worried about making sure Sylvia doesn't feel left out of the Pack, making sure Sylvia feels included." Kacey rolled her eyes. "Like, you're a big girl, right?" She laughed. "And we don't need to pretend you're one of us, ya know?"
      "Um, yeah. I'm aware that I'm the only human." I joked, trying to lessen the obvious tension in the conversation. 
     "Right! It's like, leave her alone! She can do her own thing!" She laughed loudly as she spoke. "Sylvia will do her thing, we'll do ours. Humans and wolves don't mix in nature, so why force it?" Kacey flicked her hair behind her ear. "Wolves need other wolves. We thrive off each other! Forcing an outsider in the mix just throws everything off."
     "Hey. Kacey." Ericks chimed in sternly from across the fire.
     "I'm just saying! If you were really meant to be one of us, to be here in our home, you'd have four paws. That's all! It's not a secret!" She said defensively with her hands up. 
    "Enou-"
     She cut Ericks off, "Like, of course you're not going to fit with us. You're not a wolf, so you naturally just wouldn't."
     "Kay, don't be such a bitch. Quit it." Olivia added.
     "I'm not the only one who thinks it! Believe me, we all talk about it. I'm not trying to be mean, I just want her to know! No one is telling her how weird this is."
     I stood up. 
     "I'm actually done eating anyways. Uh, thanks for your..heads up, Kacey. I'll catch you guys tomorrow." I smiled towards Olivia and Ericks.
     Kacey stood as well, "I'm not trying to be mean, Sylvia! Just don't be surprised when you, ya know, don't find your own Pack here with us. Humans don't belong in wolf Packs, but you already know that!" She said. 
     "Dammit Kay, would you stop?" Ericks snapped.
     I laughed dryly, "It's fine, guys. I'm heading back to mine now anyways, it's really way too cold out here. Goodnight!" I told them.
      Olivia gave me a sad look but nodded her head slowly. Ericks frowned at Kacey, who offered me a small smile. I turned away from them and began walking, still wearing my mask of a confident smile.
       I deserve an Oscar.
       Finding a small trash can, I tossed my plate in and started walking back to my house in the dark. It was a long walk back, and of course my mind was spinning after Kacey's cruel words. What she told me hurt. A lot. She knew exactly where to strike.
         I gave fake smiles at the people who waved goodbye to me as I went. Sticking my hands in my pockets, I headed towards the woods. I know, I know. I remembered the agreement I just made a few hours ago with Alarick. But the woods has always offered me a powerful sense of peace that I can never find on my own. 
       And right now, I craved that peace desperately. It felt like I needed to run to the trees before I could even start clearly thinking about Kacey's words.
         Still walking in the direction to my house, I stepped into the dark sea of trees. Breathing in the addicting earthy smell, I felt my anxieties and the sense of urgency lessening already. The woods called me in deeper and I went anxiously, yearning for its calming effects. 
       Instantly, my mind began slowly dissecting the previous event at the fire. Her words still floated around in my head.
     Was Kacey right?
     Am I unknowingly being a home wrecker?
    Am I upsetting others by being here?
    I furrowed my brows in focus. I never even thought of the possibility of my presence upsetting others. Maybe I should back off a little bit. I can do that-
    'You shouldn't be here.'
    My eyes widened at the sudden thought in my mind.
      'You don't belong here..'
       Was it in my mind? 
       I looked around at my surroundings urgently. Was someone speaking to me? I slowed my steps and paused for a moment to scan the area.
        Nothing but tall, dark Pine trees surrounded me. Fallen logs, piles of snow, and dead brown leaves were all I could see.
         I scrunched up my face. 
         Did I think that? The thoughts in my mind didn't feel like my own.
         I shook my head and continued my walk quietly. It's decided. Maybe I'll stick to myself for a little while, give the wolves some space.. Had I not been giving them space? It's only been a few days. But, I guess it's hard to adjust to a random human coming-
     'Not where you belong.' 
     My head snapped upwards at the voice and I stopped suddenly. Was that in my head? Or did someone speak it aloud? I slowly scanned the area around me.
     "Hello?" I asked clearly into the trees.
      Silence.
      Silence and stillness.
      I blinked. I could have sworn..
      Shaking my head lightly, I continued to step over small mounds of snow, feeling a little silly.  I looked back over my shoulder to see the far off tiny orange light of the bonfire. If I listened carefully, I could just barely make out some laughter and yelling. 
      My heart pinched at that as I continued on.
      Maybe they are uncomfortable with me being here.. Maybe I should lay low for a while and back off. The more I pondered all of it, the more it began to make sense. I'm not a Werewolf. I'm not even from this area in general. Having a human around must be...strange.
     Suddenly, I felt very alone. Suddenly, I realized just how alone I really was. Growing up, Jack or Leo were constantly by my side. Us three were literally always together! If not them, Lila or Val. And if not them, my parents. My entire Pack was my friend. 
     My feet stopped.
     My Pack.... Did they..
     Did they ever feel this way too? Having a human around? An outsider?
     "Wolves need other wolves. We thrive off each other! Throwing an outsider in the mix throws everything off." 
     "Humans don't belong in wolf Packs!"
      Kacey's cruel words rang in my head. Did having a human around really throw everything off in a Pack? Did my Pack-
    'You don't belong in a Pack.'
     I stopped walking. 
    'Never meant to be in a Pack.'
     My heart thumped in my chest as I listened. The voice saying these words was definitely not my own. Again, I turned my head to take in my surroundings, looking for the source. 
    'Somewhere else.'
     My eyes widened. I gave up looking around and simply listened. It seemed like a voice.. Or a thought. Not my own thought. If not mine, then whose?
     "Who's there?" I repeated.
     'Not meant to be here.'
     "Hello?" I asked in a weak voice.
     What am I hearing?
     Who am I hearing?
    The mysterious sound was unnerving, and I found myself growing restless. 
     A panic rose up in me and I started walking quickly, feeling fearful and determined.
    Okay Sylvia, time to get out of the woods.
      I went into autopilot mode as I hurried back to my house. My mind buzzed with a new found adrenaline as I jumped over logs and ducked under branches quickly, wanting to be out of the forest.
    Hearing voices in the woods. 
    Hearing voices, alone in the woods. 
    Typically a not good sign.
      Finally I saw the familiar clearing that led to my home. I rushed through it, leaving the crowd of trees and quickly stomping through the field. In a flash, I was jamming my key in the lock, closing the door behind me, and safe inside the house.
     I slumped against the door roughly.
     Before I could even release the breath I had been holding, I noticed a tall figure seated at the counter.
     "Hey, stupid."


Part 29

     "Hey Stupid."
      Still panting from my rush into the house, my head snapped towards the occupied chair in the kitchen.
       "Jack!" I practically yelled.
       "Sylvia!" He mimicked my surprised voice and stood up, grinning.
       I rushed into his arms, hugging him tight. For a brief moment, I forgot why I had even been running in the first place.
       "Wha? What are you doing here?! Why are you here?" I asked.
       He chuckled,  "Why are you out of breath? Were you running just now?" He asked.
       "Ah- A bit." I panted out the words. No matter how I tried to hide it, I was still a little rattled from the mysterious echos I had just heard. 
       "Oh, you go on runs now? Since when?"
       "Hey! I run!" I defended.
       "Maybe from your room to the fridg- Ofph!" my coat smacked his face.
        "Immature..." he rubbed his cheek.
        I walked into the kitchen, "So what are you doing here? You do know it's only been five days, right?" I teased.
       "Oh, what? You're too cool for me already?" He asked in a clipped tone.
       I responded by flipping my hair. 
      Jack laughed at that. 
      "Does Alpha Alarick know you're here? I just thought with Leo's Alpha ceremony getting closer you'd be busy with Future-Beta crap." I explained. 
      Jack's playful attitude disappeared. "Ah.. Uh nah, I had some free time. And yeah, Alarick knows."
     I eyed him from across the counter, "You had free time? Back home you barely had time for a run." I laughed. 
     "Well I just did today." He said as he flopped onto the couch. 
      "So how's Leo?" I asked.
      Jack threw the TV remote in the air and caught it a few times. "Eh."
     I slowed my hands as I filled a bowl with chips. "...Eh?" I questioned.
     He nodded his head, "Eh."
     "Like a good kind of 'Eh', or a bad kind?" 
     "I dunno." He murmured as he turned on the TV. 
     I brought the bowl in to the room and flopped on the couch as well. "You dunno?"
      "Yep."
      "Not gunna elaborate?" I asked.
      He nodded again as he stared at the screen.
      I threw a handful of chips at him.
     "What th- Sylvia! Are you four?!" He hollered.
      "Explain!" I hollered back.
      "Explain what?!"
     "Why is Leo 'Eh'?! Why are you obviously avoiding all of my questions?" I demanded stubbornly. 
      "My shirt.." He whined and brushed off crumbs. "There's grease in those!"
      My hand started digging in the chip bowl.
     "Woah! Woah, easy! Okay, what was the question?" He asked loudly.
      I laughed, "Leo! How is he? Is he nervous about becoming Alpha in 9 months?"
     Jack frowned. "I'm guessing he didn't call you?" 
     I frowned at his frown, "No, why? I mean, I lost my phone so I don't kn-"
     "You lost your phone?" 
     "Yeah." I said. 
     My mind went to that night in my house. The night I was so certain that I plugged in my phone, and it disappeared. The same night Thomas visited. 
      "When?" He asked.
      I looked up from the bowl, "I dunno... A few nights ago."
      Jack stared at me, suddenly intrigued. "Where'd you lose it? How?"
     Should I tell him the truth?
     That I'm suspicious of Greycove's Beta?
     "I don't know!" I scoffed.
     He watched me for a quiet moment. 
    "You telling me everything, Syl?" 
      He knows me too well.
     "Why do the details of my missing phone matter?" I asked him with a scowl.
     "Why aren't ya telling me the details?"
     I rolled my eyes.
     "Sylvia."
      "Alright, alright... It's just that I don't want to accuse anyone-" I started.
     "Anyone? So you think someone took it?"
     "No. I mean, I-I'm not 100% sure-"
     "Who?" Jack asked seriously.
     "I mean..." I sighed, "It was charging on the counter and then Beta Thomas was here, and it was gone." I blurted it out.  
     Jack didn't look surprised.
     "I know how serious it is to accuse a Beta of something like that, so I haven't said anything. But, I know that I plugged it in. On the counter, just over there." I nodded to the kitchen counter. "He was the only one in the house.. I dunno."
    Jack looked like he was deep in thought at my rambling words.
    "Wait! Don't change the subject!" I exclaimed, "What about Leo? What's going on at home?"
     Jack sighed into his hands, "Fine. Leo.. He's already Alpha of Blackwater."
    I stared at him for a moment, "Huh? No, that's- that wasn't supposed to happen for months! Dad stepped down?"
      He nodded, "I know. Yeah, the day after you left he announced it. They already held the ceremony and everything."
      "What? Wh- Why didn't anyone call me home? I would've been there! I can't believe I missed it.. How is he? Why did-"
        "One question at a time." Jack moaned.
        "Why? Why did they push it to happen months sooner?" I asked.
        "I don't know." He said in a rough voice.
        "Jack, you've gotta give me something here."
        "I literally don't know, Sylvia. Dad and Leo announced his ceremony a day after you left. I haven't even seen either of them around lately."
       "Well, what about Mom? Surely she'd be against those two rushing into this!" I said.
      Jack shook his head, "She's been acting like all of this is fine. Normal, even."
       I was quiet for a moment as I thought. "Maybe they had good reason. I mean, you're the Beta of Blackwater, so if Leo-"
      "I'm not the Beta of Blackwater. Leo selected someone else. From some pack down South. An outsider." He said.
      My mouth dropped open in shock at his words. After a long second, I clamped it shut again and hugged my brother hard. 
      "Why would he do that to you?" I asked lightly into his shirt. "You were always supposed to be his Beta. Since day one."
       I felt him shrug. "Dunno." 
       "This isn't right. Him screwing you over like that. Why would he do that?"
       "Everyone's acting like it is. Like I'm in the wrong to be upset. Or confused. About any of it."  He admitted. "I don't even care that much that he didn't pick me as his Beta. I'm just.. worried about him."
        It was unnerving seeing the goofy and playful Jack be so serious. His rare seriousness showed me just how bad things back home really were.
      I stood up and grabbed my purse and coat.
      "What're you doing?" 
      "Let's go." I said determined, tossing my brother his car keys.
      "What?" 
      "To Blackwater. Let's go home. Tomorrow's my last free day until I start work. And if I need to play sick on Monday, I will." I said.
      Jack stood up slowly, "Sylvia..."
      "Oh, come on! It'll be a quick trip!" I pleaded.
      He shook his head, "It's like a 7 hour drive! You'll barely have time to sleep and visit with everyone before having to turn around." 
      "That's fine!" I said, "I have a lot of energy!"
       Jack plopped back down on the couch and looked at me suspiciously. "Why do you wanna go so bad? Just wait until a more convenient time."
       I scoffed, "Because it sounds like everything is falling apart back home. You're upset, Leo's being weird, Moms acting like all of this is dandy."
     "Why don't ya come visit us in a week? Syl, your first day of work is in less than two days."
     I shook my head, "Its fine! I wanna see Mom and Dad anyways!"
      "Is it that Kacey girl?" He asked.
      I shook my head again, still standing with my purse and jacket.
    "Is someone else bothering you? Do you not like it here or something?" He asked.
     "No! You're overthinking!" 
      My brother crossed his arms childishly.
     "Oh, don't start." I groaned. 
      He frowned and turned his head to the side, not looking at me. I knew exactly what he was doing, it was something he did all the time when we were growing up. Whenever Jack wanted something as a young boy, he'd crossed his arms and refuse to move.
      I laughed and pleaded with him, "There's nothing, really! Let's just go, we're losing driving time!"
     He pointed his nose in the air stubbornly.
     This is useless.
     I sighed, annoyed at his childishness. 
     "I'm just a little stressed." I admitted and sat down. "Maybe it's because work is starting soon.. I've just been feeling a bit paranoid. Ya know, probably some nervousness with the new work." I tried to explain it to my brother without sounding like I'm crazy.
     He looked at me curiously, "Paranoid? About the people here?"
    I made a face, "Not necessarily the people. Just some.., " I struggled to find the right words, "...some strange happenings, I guess.. Like I said, I'm probably just paranoid."
    Jack leaned forward, "Like what?"
   I laughed, "Nothing mu-"
   "Like what, Sylvia." 
    His seriousness was unnerving.
    I cleared my throat. "Uhm, like my phone going missing. Then, I overheard the Beta talking privately to someone about breaking past a cell phone's security. And there have been several times when I know that I lock my front door, and I come back to it being slightly open, or unlocked.." I confessed.
    Jack watched me intensely and softly nodded for me to keep going.
     Once I started, I didn't stop. It felt good to vent to someone about the strange things.
     "And... And a few days ago, something happened in the woods. I'm fine, and so is my friend, but there was this thing- this force." I laughed sarcastically, "Actually, I'm not even sure if I should call it a force.. I never really saw anything. But it was powerful, knocking us both off our feet. And despite Alpha Alarick and Beta Thomas both knowing about it, no one will speak about it- it's like whatever did happen to us is a secret."
     "What else?" Jack asked quietly as he examined the floor.
     "Uh, I went for a walk in the woods. And I swear it, I swear that I was only walking for 10 minutes at the most! But when my friend joined me, he said I had been walking for over half an hour- in the completely wrong direction."
      We were both quiet for a long moment. 
      "There's more. Of just that strange kind of stuff.. I just feel like I'm really losing my head." I spoke quietly and perched my chin on my hand. "All these little things... I surely can't be forgetting to lock my door everyday, or losing my phone, or getting myself lost in the woods.. I know myself, and I know that I'm more responsible than that.."
     At this point I was just rambling on and thinking out loud. But even so, it felt nice. I had been trying to figure this out on my own the whole time.
    Jack stood up suddenly. "Let's go."
    "Huh?"
    "I changed my mind, let's go. Some brother-sister road trip." He said in a playful voice, but I knew he was thinking hard about what I had just said.
      "Yesss!" I stood up with him and began turning off lights and locking the back doors. Knowing I had clothing and toiletries at home, I didn't bother packing a bag. After about five minutes of closing up shop, Jack and I began to head out. 
    "You'll have to follow me in your car, though. Love ya and all, but I'm not driving ya all the way back here in less than two days." He said.
    I rolled my eyes, "I figured. And I know the route! No need to follow you." I said as I threw my purse and coat in the back seat. 
     Jack nodded and got into his car, rolling down the window. "You have your GPS set up?" He asked.
     I nodded and waved goodbye to him as he drove down the driveway. 
     I took my time in setting up my GPS correctly and double checking the locked front door. After a few minutes, I settled into my car and began to head down the driveway, starting my long ride home.
     About ten seconds into driving, I slammed on my breaks hard. I jerked forward and clutched the wheel, looking ahead at what had stopped me.
    "Wha! What the-" 
     I stepped halfway out of my car, "A-Are you crazy?!" I demanded.
     Alarick stood just two inches from the front bumper of my car, looking unamused. As usual, his handsome face was blank, giving me no hints to his inner thoughts or emotions. He started towards me.
      "Where are you going?" He asked me in a firm voice.
       Well, he's not going to like this..
      "Just a quick trip before starting work on Monday." I said, still a bit startled by his sudden appearance.
      Alarick took another small step towards me, "A trip? To where?"
      "Blackwater." I answered. "A trip home."
      The wind blew his hair around in the darkness. The bright headlights from my car lit up some of our surroundings and the side of his face.
     Does he ever not look like a model..?
     He looked to the side for a moment and exhaled through this nose slowly. I noticed the tiny steps he was taking closer to me.
    "How long?"
    I blinked, "Well, I'll be back before work starts. So barely two days."
   His hand lightly brushed my wrist as he looked down between us.
    "Why don't you wait until you're settled at work? You'd have more time to visit your family if you waited until a weekend." His voice was deep yet soft.
     That's exactly was Jack wanted me to do. 
     I smiled softly, "I miss my Mom and Dad a little. But I'll be sure to be back in time for work, I promise." I said to him. 
     Alarick's eyes bore into my own. Even in the moonlight, his hazel eye color was bright and hypnotizing. He nodded lightly at my words. I hoped he wasn't saying anything because I was too focused on his hand, rubbing the skin on my arm.
     I had to stop myself from leaning into his touch. 
     "How about I ask Emmanuel to drive you?" Alarick spoke gently, almost whispering between us.
     I shook my head, "It's okay."
    His warm hand gripped my arm and his thumb traced the skin, as if trying to convince me. "He'd get you there quickly and safe. He knows the route. You wouldn't have to worry about driving in the darkness."
     I considered his words, "Yes, but-"
    "Sylvia." 
     The way he said my name gave me butterflies. I looked back up at him.
    "Let him drive you, please. It'd ease my mind. It'd be another paycheck for him anyways." Alarick said. 
     Giving in, I nodded. 
      I guess it would be kind of nice, not having to drive... 
     Alarick stepped away from me, slowly releasing my arm. He took a few steps back and dialed a number into his phone. After a hushed exchanging of words, he hung up and returned to his previous spot in front of me. 
     "Emmanuel will be here in a moment. And if your brother allows it, he will stay in Blackwater to drive you back on Sunday." He explained.
     I responded quickly, "How'd you know my brother is already Alpha?" 
   Alarick looked down at me with a soft expression, "News of that kind spreads quickly between Alphas."
    I nodded, "I thought Greycove always kind of stuck to themself?"
   Alarick gave a small smile, "We do. I like to keep my pack safe, secure. But for our own safety, I have to be aware of any changes in other Packs. Like your brother becoming Alpha."
     I nodded again. The wind blew hard again and Alarick took a step closer to me, blocking a bit of it with his back. I wondered if that was intentional.
    Bright headlights shone in the distance, notifying us of Emmanuel's arrival. I stepped away from Alarick and retrieved my purse and jacket from my car before locking it. I watched as Emmanuel pulled the car off to the side.
     He rolled down his window from afar, "Whenever you're ready Miss Sylvia!" He smiled brightly and rolled his window back up. 
     I grinned at his kindness.
     Turning to Alarick, I smiled again. "Well, I'll see you in less than two days."
     His face was blank but his eyes were bright when he responded, "Less than two days."
     As I walked past him, he  brought one arm across my hip, gently stopping my steps. In a swift movement, he pulled my form to his chest and turned his face into the side of my hair. The familiar goosebumps and butterflies made a quick reappearance.
     When he pulled me even closer, I brought my arms up to his chest as an attempt to keep at least some distance in between us. His face remained in its spot, buried in my hair, as his hands locked around my waist and lower back.
    He's hugging me.
     I cleared my throat, "I'll be right back..In barely two days." I reminded him with a light hearted laugh.
     I closed my eyes when I felt his nose drag upward along the skin behind my ear. My hands fisted the material of his shirt.
     Eventually, Alarick brought his face out of my hair and settled his cheek against my own. Which somehow, felt far more intimate.
     "Emman- I don't want to keep Emmanuel waiting." I stuttered the words out.
      He turned his head and rested his forehead against my own. Locking his hooded eyes with my own, he smiled down at me softly. "Very well." One of his warm hands left my waist and cradled my cheek. "He will give you a prepared device, since you lost your other one. My contact information is logged in, as well as some of your friends here. Message me." He spoke deeply.
      I nodded my head in his hand. "Okay.."
      For a few seconds, I focused on the feeling of his thumb tracing my cheekbone, and how his body heat felt against me. For a few seconds, I let myself get a little lost in him.
     His warm breath fanned across my face and it made me refocus. Blinking, I took a small step backward. I adjusted my hair nervously and watched him. He stood there, with no telling facial expressions as we stared each other down.
     Dammit, focus Sylvia.
     Again, I took a step back, as if reminding myself of what I was doing. I gave him a small smile before walking past him, successfully this time. I climbed into the warm car and greeted Emmanuel. He handed me the phone Alarick had mentioned, and began to drive down the long driveway.
     As I watched Alarick from through the window as we pulled away, I couldn't help but notice the awful feeling settling deep in my stomach.


Part 30

        For a long part of the drive home, I quietly looked out the dark window. My mind was on overdrive, thinking about Jack's words regarding our home Pack. How had things changed so drastically in such little time? Was my brother exaggerating, or were things really that bad? 
         I was worried about Leo, to say the very least, and anxious to see everyone. I also thought about my own confession to my brother, on the daily bizarre occurrences in Greycove. I really told him everything. Aside from the plants.
         He never really did comment on the strange things I told him.. 
         Why didn't he react?
         My hands fidgeted with the new phone in my lap. Emmanuel gave it to me with a warm smile as soon as I entered the car. Just as Alarick said, the device was filled with familiar contacts from my old phone. How he got all my friend's and family's contact information, I have no clue.
      I decided not to ponder it.
      "Miss Sylvia."
      I blinked a few times, waking up. "Didn't I ask you to just call me Sylvia?" I cleared the grogginess from my throat.
     Emmanuel smiled at me through the rearview mirror, "Alright then, Sylvia. We've just entered Blackwater territory."
     I nodded with a smile and sat up straight. "Oh, there's Jack." I said.
     He waved at us in the darkness as our car pulled up next to him. Emmanuel parked and greeted Jack.
     "Jack. It's nice to see you again, you look well." He spoke to him.
     Jack gave a nod and shook his hand, "Same to you, Emmanuel. Thank you for driving Syl."
    The two men nodded at each other and unclasped their hands. I practically leapt out of the car.
     "Geez! Take it down three notches." Jack commented on my energy. 
     "I wanna go find Leo!" I called to him as I ran up the stairs. 
      I entered the familiar Pack house happily. Despite it being almost Midnight, there were still people buzzing about. A few of them greeted me as I walked further into the house. I knew that Leo was most likely in his office.
      I lightly jogged down the hallway and stopped at his door to knock.
     "Come in."
     I pushed open the large wooden door.
    "Hello, Alpha." I smiled.
     Leo's head snapped up from his desk.
     "Sylvia?" He stood up quickly, knocking over a few items on his desk.
     I grinned and entered, "I came home for a surprise visit!"
    Leo's shocked expression didn't change.
    "Oh! Okay. Uh, yeah, I wasn't aware you were arriving." He said.
     I nodded and plopped on a chair, "Yes brother, that's why it was a surprise." I teased.
     He didn't look amused. 
    An uncomfortable silence settled between us.
    "Um, so how's being Alpha?" I sat up straight, "I can't believe it! How did this happen so suddenly?"
     Leo nodded slowly and sat back down stiffly, "It's fine, I've... I've been very busy with meetings."
    His voice sounds a lot deeper.
     It used to be so soft and light..
     I frowned at his lack of excitement.
     "I bet, it's a big change. Man! I still can't believe you're Alpha, Leo! This is crazy!"
      Finally, he gave a small smile. "Yeah.. Hey, how long are you staying for?" 
     "I'll be leaving tomorrow afternoon. Oh! Greycove sent me with a driver named Emmanuel." I flipped through a book on the side table, "Is it alright if he stays overnight in a spare room? That way-"
     "No." Leo looked up at me suddenly. "No, no Greycove members stay here overnight."
    "What? Why? It's just Emmanuel. He's very kind and-"
    "I've given you an answer Sylvia." 
     I hesitated, "Do you want me to run a background check? To show you-"
    "Sylvia." His voice rumbled.
    I stopped flipping through the book, surprised at his response. Leo's never growled at me. Ever.
    "Then where will he stay tonight..?"
     Leo shook his head, "I'm sure Emmanuel can figure that out. There are nearby hotels-"
     "Nearby as in a 45 minute drive." I said.
      Leo scoffed harshly, "He's not staying on my territory. That is final, leave it alone. No Greycove on my soil."
      I watched my brother as he busied himself with papers. I could already see what Jack meant, Leo did seem different. He seemed colder, and stressed out.
      What could've happened in just five days?
       I quietly got up from the chair and left the room. Closing his door behind me, I started down the hall to find Emmanuel. He and Jack were still speaking with their heads together near the car outside.
      I pulled my jacket tighter around myself and joined them. The hushed conversation stopped.
      "You say hi to Leo?" Jack asked.
      I nodded curtly. "He.. He won't let Emmanuel stay here tonight." 
      Jack scoffed and Emmanuel simply smiled.
      "That's alright, Sylvia. I know of a small motel about half an hour out."
       Jack shook his head, "Very well. I'm sorry about this. We'll see you tomorrow." 
       We said our goodbyes and watched Emmanuel drive off into the night.
        "I can't believe he wouldn't let him sleep here. Is there something I'm missing? Why would Leo do that?" I asked Jack.
        He plopped his heavy hand on my head. "I don't bother trying to understand Leo's thought process. Let's go inside."
     I spent the night chit chatting with my Mom and Dad, who just like Leo, were shocked at my arrival as well. I specifically took note of  the frazzled state of my Dad. For just half a minute there, he looked like he didn't know what to do.
      Weird.
      "So how long are you staying?" He asked.
      I chuckled, "You already asked me that. I'm leaving tomorrow afternoon."
      "Ah, haha. That's right." He ruffled my hair. "Take your vitamins today?"
      I frowned and nodded, "You know I always do.."
      After giving my Mom all the details of Greycove and my new friends, I ventured off in hopes that my friend Val was still awake. She'd often stay up late in the basement entertainment room, but I wasn't sure. I waved to a few people on my journey to the basement and stopped to speak with a few.
       After a few minutes of catching up, I was able to sneak down the stairs.
       "-not what she told me. What about what happened in the woods?"
       I paused on the staircase leading to the entertainment room. Is that Jack? How'd he get down here so quick?
       "The only reason it worked out is because we were told- I know. I know that.."
       I peeked around the corner and saw my brother pacing as he spoke into a phone. 
       "Safety. That's the one thing I was promised for her, Emmanuel. Safety and protection. And from what she told me tonight, it doesn't seem like any of that's happening." 
      He's using his Beta voice.
      And talking to Emmanuel? 
     About me?
     I turned around on the staircase and went back up. Deep in my gut, I had a feeling he was talking about me.
      Someone promised Jack safety for me..?
      As I walked to my room, I thought hard. Now, Jack knows about all of the strange things that have been happening in Greycove. He knows about the unlocked doors, my suspicions regarding Beta Thomas, the creature in the woods. All of it. 
     Did he tell Emmanuel about it?
     Why would he involve him?
     And Leo... he acted so cold. Just like when I called him on Beta Thomas's phone a few days ago. Something really has changed.
     Even my Dad seemed on edge. He surely didn't react the way I thought he would to my surprise visit. Like Leo, he was taken aback, panicked almost.
     If  I had known my surprise visit would unsettle people this much, I wouldn't have come...
     I went into my bedroom and began to get ready for bed, feeling unsatisfied. I really hoped that I would arrive and see that Jack was wrong, that things here weren't as unsteady as he described.
    But they were. 
   
    'Sylviaaa.'     My eyes popped open from my sleep. I sat up on my elbows and looked around my room.
     I could have sworn I just heard....
     I shrugged it off and wiped my sleepy eyes. The early morning sunlight filled my room. It was still cold, how early was it? I checked my phone, which read 5:54 AM.
    'Sylvia.'
     I flinched at the voice. It sounded familiar, was it the same one I heard in Greycove's woods yesterday?  The strange voice? I didn't bother getting worked up or panicked at the voice in my head. At this point, I'll just add it to Sylvia's list of craziness. 
     I got out of my bed and stretched. Looks like I've gotten to a point in my life where I welcome strange voices in my head. Isn't that lovely?
     I dressed in thick warm clothing, knowing that I'd be walking outside today. I brushed my hair out and pinned it behind my ears, already preparing for the wind. Taking out my phone, I sent a message to Val.
      'Walk in the woods? I'm home!'
       As usual, she replied in seconds.
      'Yeah bb!!! I'll meet you outside in 10.'
      I made my way downstairs into the kitchen. It was quiet in the early morning, which always felt a little weird considering how loud this house usually is. I grinned when I saw Lila sipping coffee at the table. 
       "Lila!" 
       Her wide blue eyes met mine, "Sylvia! Oh, I heard you were here!"
       I hugged her tightly, "I missed you." I groaned.
       She laughed, "Hasn't it only been a week? Missing home already?" 
       I nodded and let go. "Yeah. And I wanted to see how everything's going. I heard Leo became Alpha while I was gone.." 
      Lila nodded, looking down. "Yes. Yes, he did. I'm so sorry you weren't here for the ceremony, Syl." 
      "It's okay! I just- I was so surprised to hear the news. Honestly, I'm still a little confused about it-"
     "I know. I know. Believe me, I know." Lila closed her eyes and pressed her cheek to the side of her coffee mug. "We'll have to have a chat soon." She smiled.
      I returned the smile and nodded in agreement. I knew she was holding a lot back, I knew there were things she wasn't telling me. But I trusted Lila. And somehow, I wasn't worried.
     "I'll catch you before I leave this afternoon." I told her. Lila just smiled and sipped her coffee.
     I said goodbye to her and skipped out of the kitchen, curious about her quiet mood. Putting on a thick wool coat and hat, I stepped outside in into the crisp morning air. I felt anxious to go visit the woods, my nerves definitely needed nature's calming affect.
     Ding!
    I pulled out my phone and frowned.
    Val: 'Canceling our walk! Called into work this morning. Sry :( Txt me when u visit again!x'
      I rolled my eyes at my friend and began walking. 
      The leaves and brush crunched under my boots as I walked into the trees. Everything was so quiet this early, even the sun had barely risen up yet. I breathed in the sharp cool air and slowly exhaled. Dragging my cold hand against the trees, I hummed to myself as I balanced on a fallen log.
     As I went, I decided I wasn't going to waste this nature walk thinking about my brothers, the weird things in Greycove, or about upcoming work.
      Or Alarick. 
      Okay, maybe a little Alarick.
      But mostly, I'm not going to worry myself about things that seem to be out of my own control. At least, not now.
     I hoped onto another log and stuck my arms out to balance myself. Roaming around for just ten minutes in nature and I already felt completely revived. Slowly, the birds seemed wake up and begin chirping.
     I slowed my steps when I approached a small running creek. I had never bothered to cross this stream before, but I knew it. I smiled to myself, thinking of how Leo, Lila, Jack, and I would often have races to this stream growing up. I took a few steps backward in preparation. Running forward, I jumped over the water.
      "Whew!" I mumbled to myself as I landed roughly on the other side of the creek.
      I stood and brushed off my pants. Looking back from where I had leapt, I grinned. 
      Couldn't do that as a kid..
      I continued walking, taking in the scenery around me. The trees were getting taller and thicker as I went, canopying over the ground in a dark shadow. I felt intrigued by the unexplored area. I looked over my shoulder.
     This is still Blackwater.. right?
     Unworried, I peered into the darkness ahead of me. Fallen trees and broken branches covered the ground, making casual walking more difficult. At this point, I was hiking rather leisurely strolling.
     I came to dead end. All around me were large piles of dead logs and hanging branches, covering every direction. Taking a deep breath, I grabbed a hold of one of the thicker branches above me and pulled myself up.
      If ya can't go through it, go over.
      The rest was a challenge. I continued using sturdy branches to pull myself higher up and over the obstacles on my path. It was actually kind of fun. Feeling the earth under my palms felt... right. It felt reviving and natural. Adrenaline coursed through my veins the longer I was out in nature.
       But the giddy feeling quickly came to a screeching halt.
       For the fiftieth time, I placed my foot on a high tree branch and pushed my weight onto it, before releasing the branch that was supporting me. A loud series of cracks could be heard as the branch gave way.  
      "Ah!" I gasped out as my support fell through.
      Thankfully, I grabbed onto another branch before falling downward. I shakily looked down from where I was holding.
      Woah! 
      Had I really climbed this high?!
      Shock kicked in as I started to panic, after realizing just how high up I was. My hands felt raw as they desperately clung to the thin branch holding me. I looked to my left and saw a safe bet, a thick heavy branch. 
      But it was a far jump. And there were no other thick branches nearby, the rest were thin twigs that couldn't hold me.
      "Oh Goddess.." I mumbled to myself.
       How had I gotten myself into this?!
       I tried sticking out my leg to the large branch, testing if I could reach it. Of course, I couldn't. I'd have to jump to it. Letting go of the tiny branch and falling to the ground wasn't an option, giving I was easily 17-20 feet high. 
       My hands began to sting. 
       I didn't allow my brain time to think before I jumped.


Part 31

      
       I held my breath and jumped off of the breaking branch.
      My foot landed where I wanted it, on the larger tree, but quickly slid sideways. In a split second my body fell downward and my stomach dropped.
       I suddenly slammed into something hard and cold beneath me. 
       Ten quiet seconds went by before I peeled open my clenched shut eyes. I exhaled, thanking the Goddess that I could still feel my legs. Shaking, I looked around.
       I was laying on a thick large branch, with my legs and arms wrapped around it. I blinked a few times and slowly sat up, feeling a little shaky. Looking around, the scene around me looked the same. Aside from one thing: the thick branch I was sitting on.
      This wasn't here a moment ago. 
      If it were, I would've just jumped onto this one!
      Where'd this branch come from?
      Did this tree just move..?
      Trees can't move.
      But this wasn't here. 
      How did-
      "Wow."
       The voice made me jump and lose balance for a moment. I gripped the tree tighter as I peeked down at the ground below. There was a young woman with olive skin and long brown hair staring up at me.
      "H-Hi." I said to her as I struggled to hold myself steady.
      She grinned, "Hi!  That looked really cool! But painful. You okay?"
      I nodded my head. "Uh, yeah. Just.. Just lost my balance."
      She leaned against a tree below me, looking up. "Yeah, ya did. That was crazy." Her smiled was teasing. "For a second I thought you weren't going to actually do it."
       I frowned in confusion. "Do what? W-Where did you come from? I don't recognize you." 
      "I'm always around! You just don't pay enough attention. You don't hear me. I'm Amala." She gave a small wave as her smile widen.
       "Oh....Huh?" I muttered. What a strange thing to say. "I'm Sylvia." I grunted and pulled myself up. 
        She gazed up at me with a small grin, "I know."
        I furrowed my brows, "You know? Your voice sounds so familiar, but I don't recognize you from Blackwater." I said to her.
      Amala's smile twisted into a sneaky grin, "I'm not Blackwater."
      I carefully watched where I placed my foot as I climbed down. "You're not? Then why are you on Blackwater soil? I mean..." I gripped the tree as I descended, "I won't tell. But you shou-"
      "Because this isn't Blackwater soil." 
       I peered down at her. She happily stared back up at me. "What?" I asked.
       She nodded, "See that mountain? That's Mt. Kayu. Blackwater's perimeter is a 40 minute walk that way."
       I looked where she pointed and recognized the well-known landmark, "Well, shit."
       Finally low enough, I jumped down onto the ground. I stood up and look to where Amala had pointed. "I can't believe I walked this far out. Again... Thanks by-"
       I turned to see an empty spot. My head whipped around. 
       Where'd she go?
       "Amala?" I asked.
       I even looked up in the trees above me. 
       "Hello? Amala?"
       The sun had fully risen and the woods was alive with birds and wind. As I slowly made my way back home, I never saw any signs of the woman again. I kept craning my head around, trying to see where she had gone. She just vanished.
      I thought quietly to myself as I walked. 
      She wasn't Blackwater..
     Then what was she doing out here?
     Must've been a wolf to have left that quickly..
     A wolf that's not Blackwater?
      My eyebrows rose as I thought.
     A rouge? 
     No, no. She didn't seem like one..
     After my near-death experience, my little nature walk home was fine, peaceful. I kept rubbing the front of my coat with my hands, trying to get the dirt and tree bark pieces off. Definitely don't need Leo or Jack asking about what happened. They'd put a life jacket on me.
      I finally began to recognize certain trees and rocks, confirming I was back on Blackwater territory. Pulling out my phone, I gasped at the time. 8:39 AM. At the same time, my phone rang.
      "Hello?"
     "Where the hell are you? I've been looking-"
     I pulled the phone away from my ear as Jack yelled into the speaker. Should've seen that one coming.
     I put the device back to my ear.
     "-Not in the kitchen. Not in the garden. Not in the game room. Not in-"
      I giggled to myself.
     "Are you laughing? Do you think this is funny? You think I like starting my day like this?" He asked in a sharp voice.
      "Can you relax for a second?" I laughed. "Geez, Jack..."
      He mumbled something into the phone that sounded like 'Goddess give me patience' or something.
      "I just went for a morning walk and lost track of the time." I explained. "Sorry."
      "Well come back. We've gotta chat." 
       "Alright. I'm coming back now."
       I ended the call just as the Pack House came into sight. My legs were tired after walking, and climbing for such a long time. The icy wind didn't help much either.
      I stepped onto the soft grass of the yard as I approached the front door. 
      "Syl!"
      Looking over to the side, I saw Jack sitting at a small picnic table with Leo. The two looked irritated as they sat across from each other. I frowned at the negative atmosphere and approached them.
      "Hiya." I greeted.
      Leo rubbed his eyebrows as he looked down at the table. "Sylvia. Why are you covered in dirt?"
     I glanced at the front of my coat. The mud I had tried to rub away was still quite obvious. "Ah. Uh..... I fell...? I fell down." I answered.
     Not a lie, right?
     It was silent as my brothers stared at me.
    "This is what I'm talking about." Jack said turning to our brother.  
    "Hey!" I furrowed my brows, "What's that supposed to mean?"
     "You fell? You fell down what?" He asked.
      "How much do I need to elaborate Jack? I fell down. Simple."
      "You've been missing all morning! You look like you just fought a bear!" 
      "I do not look like I just fought-"
      "Enough, guys. Quiet." Leo spoke firmly, clearly not joining our playful mood.
       "Sylvia. You will be staying here, in Blackwater. There are some complications in Greycove and I'm terminating your contract with them." Leo said in a low voice. "This decision is final. I'm not in the mood to argue." 
      I watched in shock as he stood from the table and walked away. 
      "What?" I asked Jack. "He-He can't do that. I signed a contract! I-I'm starting my job tomorrow."
      Jack leaned back on the bench. "He should've explained it better to you.. Look, the things you told me last night are serious. Unlocked doors, Sylvia? A creature attacking you in the woods? And I fully believe your suspicions of Beta Thomas. I don't like the way he looks at you."
      I cut him off, "How would you know how he looks at me?" I sat back down. "Is that why he's doing it? You guys discussed what I told you??" I asked.
      Jack rubbed his face, "Partly, yes! Sending you there was.. unnerving enough. Clearly it's not safe-"
      " Jack, come on. I can protect myself!"
      "When were you going to tell me about your cracked rib, huh? Why is Alpha Alarick giving you a new phones-"
      "I-I didn't want you to worry! And he was being nice-"
      "It's bugged, Sylvia! Did he tell you he was installing a tracker on it?"
     I paused for a minute, "Wha- How would you know if he did that?" I asked him.
    Jack looked up at me nonchalantly. "You left it in the kitchen last night. I was poking around in it."
    "You went through my phone?" I asked.
     "Oh, it's okay for this random Alpha to secretly put a tracking device in your phone, but not your older brother?" He retorted. 
    Touché. I guess...?
    I sat on the seat across from him. The two of us were silent for a long moment, lost in our own thoughts. I glanced at Leo's empty seat.
    "You're right. About him."
    "Alpha Alarick?" He asked.
    I shook my head, "No, Leo. He's different. Something must've happened between when I left and now."
    My brother nodded his head. 
    "You're not going back to Greycove, Syl."     I raised my head, annoyed. "Why?" 
    "I just told you why."
    "No, you just repeated what I told you last night. What's the real reason, Jack?"
     My brother sighed.
     "You guys are trying really hard to hide stuff from me and it's getting old. Especially when I'm somehow involved." I told him. 
      Jack looked up and locked his serious gaze with me, "You're hiding stuff too."
       I leaned back in my seat.
       "Fair enough." 
       Again, we settled into a silence. Jack's face looked hard, as if he was thinking about a million things. My own mind was turning as well.
      "What about my things?" I asked in a monotone voice, staring at the wooden table.
     "I'll send someone to get them."
     "And my job?"
     "We'll find you another." He answered. 
     I shook my head and looked off at the trees. 
     "Is Leo allowed to just.. terminate a contract like that? I signed a legal document. This could end very poorly."
     Jack looked up. "We're about to find out."
     Val and I sat in my room near the window.
     "So you're staying, right? Here, home?" She asked again.
      I nodded my head with a frown. 
      She was quiet for a moment. "Well, that's good! Right? Isn't that good?"
      I sighed. "I dunno, I guess. I was just really looking forward to that job opportunity. And..and I made friends." 
      Val nodded her head in understanding. "Yeah... Yeah, I guess you didn't really get to say goodbye, huh?" She made a strange face at me, "I still don't understand. So Alpha Leo just... just changed his mind about you being there?"
     I slumped against the cold glass. "Yeah. He says he doesn't believe it's a safe environment for me anymore."
    "Why?"
     "Beats me." I lied.
      I knew I couldnt tell Valerie the entire truth. I couldn't tell her about all the peculiar happenings that take place there, or about my accusing suspicions of the Greycove Beta. To accuse another Pack's Beta of something is serious. And what would I even tell her? I think the Beta hacked my phone?
       "Well.. Hey, you'll find another opportunity! You really know your stuff when it comes to plants and.. uh, dirt."
      I laughed loudly, "Dirt?"
      She giggled next to me, "Stop! I was close enough!"
       For the next four days, I clung to Val. I depended on her strange humor to distract me and cheer me up. Which, she never failed to do. It was hard though, keeping myself distracted. In a weird way, I missed Greycove.
     I missed the Greenhouses. I missed the plants I had just planted, and wondered if they had grown. I missed my little house. I missed Ericks humming while he swept the Greenhouse floor. And I missed Olivia's constant failure to knock on my door before coming in.
     Most of all, I missed Alarick.
     Which is strange, because I don't even really know him...
     But I couldn't stop wondering about him.
     Did he talk to Leo? Did he accept my resignation? Does it count as a resignation if I never started? 
      I sighed in frustration and checked the time again. 3:48pm.
      Leo's still in his meeting. I wanted to catch him and ask if he ever did speak with Alarick. Every time I try to bring up the subject, Leo squashes it with an "I'm busy, Syl." or a "Later." 
      I frown thinking of it. He never used to speak to me in that kind of a way. Leo used to have such a soft and gentle voice.
      Maybe I can go find Lila... I haven't seen her in several days. Why haven't I caught her at least once in the kitchen or something? Suddenly feeling determined, I jumped up from my bed.
       After roaming around and poking my head in many rooms, I finally found her. Lila sat in the corner of an old small study room, looking out a window. 
      "Lil?" I asked.       She looked over at me and smiled. "Sylvia!"       I grinned and stepped further into the small room. It was a very old studying room that somehow turned into a stuffy storage area. Needless to say, no one ever comes up here anymore.       "What the heck are you up here for?" I ask.       She smiled softly, "Just some quiet time. Nowadays the work is nonstop. I sneak away sometimes."       I nodded my head. " I can imagine.. You're Luna now, huh? I can't believe I missed your ceremony. I'm sorry."        Lila's face fell for a second before quickly recovering, "Not your fault. It was sudden." She commented and looked back out the window with a tiny smile.       "Yeah! Yeah, it was sudden. Like really sudden. I.. I mean, I was surprised."        She peeked up at me, "I know.. Leo and your Father just announced it after you had left. I know it probably confused you, especially." Her voice took me by surprise with its dejected tone.        I nodded, suddenly feeling at little upset. "Confused is all I am lately. I don't understand what's going on." I looked out the window with her. "I feel like everybody knows something I don't."      I turned back to see Lila's blue eyes watching me thoughtfully. "Nothing ever gets past you, Missy." She offered a small smile. "I understand you though. It feels like.. all of a sudden, everything has drastically changed. In one way or another."      "Changed in a good way or bad?"       She looked out the window, "I'm still deciding."


Part 32

      Thank you for the votes and comments! I really love hearing what you guys think!:)————————————————————————
       My talk with Lila was so peaceful. In reality, I wanted to ask her about a million questions. I wanted to ask about the change in Leo, the last-minute Alpha ceremony, the tension between the twins, and so much more. But sitting there by the window with her was just so calming. The rare serene moment seemed fragile. It felt so nice being with my precious friend again, and I didn't want to ruin it by asking questions.
      Lila didn't seem talkative anyways.
     And frankly, I was not excited for the answers, whatever they may be. Dread and worry filled my senses when I thought of what could really be going on. I wasn't too anxious to find out.
     I went to bed early that night.
      Today, I woke up with a start. Bolting up in my bed, and desperately looking around the room for something, someone. It was one of those feelings, when you swear someone had called your name. When you could've sworn that someone had just yelled next to your ear: "Sylvia! Sylvia!".
      I jolted awake, fully expecting someone to be staring right back at me and loudly calling my name. But of course, no one was there.     The voice unsettled me. Not only because I kept hearing it, but because it was familiar. What had I heard it before...?
     Not a great start to the day. After relaxing for a moment and convincing myself I was simply being paranoid, I finally started to get ready. Prepping for the cold, I dressed in thick dark leggings and an even thicker large black sweater. 
      I wanted to spend some time outside today. Maybe I'll run into that girl again, Amala... She was somehow intriguing... I strangely wanted to see her again. Actually, I really wanted to see her again. I felt drawn to her somehow.
      I pinned my long hair away from my face and threw on a large winter coat. Satisfied and determined, I headed downstairs to find Jack.
       Which didn't take long. 
       As soon as I entered the large kitchen, I saw him.  He was frowning at his phone as he typed furiously into it.
      "Who are ya talking to?" I asked and took a seat across from him.
     "No one." He pocketed his phone quickly.
      I raised my eyebrows at his action.
     "Where are you going?"
      "A walk." I popped a grape in my mouth. "Nothing else to do around here. Ya know, since I don't have a job anymore."
      Okay, maybe I'm still a little pissed. But I know it's not 100% Jack's fault. At least not fully... I mean, he snitch to Leo about all the "unsafe reasons" that I should come home.
      Jack sighed. "Maybe you could.. I don't know, start a Greenhouse here or something."
     I nodded. "Yeah, maybe I will sometime. Well, I'll be back soon." 
     "Stay on our soil!" Jack called after me. "And put on a hat!"
      I walked out of the kitchen.
      "Sylvia!" He yelled.
      I closed the front door behind me, feeling annoyed. Why is he bossing me around? Haven't he and Leo done enough of that already?
     My sour mood got worse as I thought about it. Those two just completely changed my entire future. They just took away a huge job opportunity; I was so close! 
      I know things were...strange at Greycove, but I didn't want to be ripped away from it! I never would have vented to him that night if I knew he'd react this way. Stupid Jack. And stupid Leo! 
     I grumpily trudged towards the woods, anxious for its calming effects on me. My chest felt heavy and I couldn't exactly explain why. But this feeling was nothing new to me. Before, I could blame it on all the strange dreams. Now, I'm sure missing Greycove has something to do with it.
      I walked to the Far East side of our woods. It was tucked in the corner of our territory and not used often by our members. Similar to an empty dirt parking lot, with a gravel path leading into the woods. Quiet and private, exactly what I was needing to calm my unsteady mood.
      I started down the path as I walked, admiring the beautiful trees. I was sure to breathe in the soil scented air. I could practically feel my anxieties melting away as I walked further into the nature. 
      It just seems unnatural, the way my body reacts to the forest. I dragged my hand across some of the Pine branches, fascinated by its instant effect.
      Suddenly, the air seemed charged around me. The familiar feeling alerted my senses and made my heart skip a beat. I held my breath for a moment and I stopped walking.
       I turned around and my eyes locked on him immediately.
       "Alarick?" I asked, shocked.
        There he stood, staring right back at me. It had only been five days, and I felt like I hadn't seen him in a year. Or three. 
      Goddess, I missed him.
      Why did I miss him?
      I barely know him.
      "Sylvia." He breathed out. My name almost sounded like a plea on his lips. 
       He stood on the gravel path I had been walking, slightly panting and disheveled. His eyes intensely burned into my own.
        He suddenly started towards me, looking determined. I took a step back, watching him.
       "H-How are you her-"
        Alarick cut me off and pulled me into his arms. In a second, my cheek was pressed into his chest and his face buried in my neck. Sweet tingles exploded all over my body when he held me. I missed the feeling.
      I listened as he inhaled through his nose loudly, his hair tickling my neck and ear at the same time. I shivered against him at the action. 
       "You're here." I sighed into his shoulder. 
       "I'm here." He repeated. 
       Though he was repeating my own words, his response made my chest tighten even more.
        Alarick dragged his nose against the length of my neck, up and down slowly. The intimate action made my heart flutter. I pushed against his chest, attempting to step away.
       "Not yet." He said into my shoulder.
        I froze. 
       Not yet?
        His arms wrapped around my form even tighter, pulling me impossibly closer to him. 
       He's actually here.
        Alarick is here.
       ".ah... w-why?" I stuttered out. Clearing my throat, I tried to speak again, "Why are you here?" I asked.
        That seemed to get his attention. He pulled away from me slightly and we locked eyes. "You never came back. Then I received word of your brother terminating your contract with me."
      "I wanted to. Come back, I mean. But, uhm, my brother- Alpha Leo didn't think it was a safe option." I muttered.
      How do I even explain this to him?! My brother thinks your pack is unsafe - because of all the spooky and unexplainable things that keep happening to me. 
     Alarick slowly released my waist, but grabbed onto my hands as I stepped back. 
     "I-I wanted to. But.." I tried to explain it to him again.
     "It's okay." He spoke in a quiet voice.
      My cheeks burned and I avoided his gaze. When I gently tugged my hands from his grip, he let go.
      I cleared my clenched up throat, as if it'd help me gather my senses.
      "So... S-So Leo spoke to you? About my resignation?" I asked.
     "He did."
     I looked up from my feet. "And?"
     "I reject it." He said simply.
     I blinked. "Reject it? What do you mean?" 
    His monotone voice repeated, "I reject your resignation."
     I stared up at him. "So... So my contract is still valid? I have to go back? To Greycove?" I asked. 
     "Yes."
     "...But He won't let me."
     "He will. I'll speak with him." 
     Alarick's large hand captured my own. He started walking back down the path and out of the woods, dragging me along. When we came to the opening in the trees, I saw a large black SUV. 
     "Why don't you go warm up in the car. I'll speak with him now." He repeated. 
      He opened the car door and I went in, still in a slight daze. Between the thought of going back and Alarick being here, my mind was on overdrive.
     I was about to ask him where he was going, when I saw movement in the woods.
      I watched as Leo came running through the trees in his wolf form, accompanied by a large brown wolf I didn't know. The two shifted and quickly dressed as Alarick approached them.
      Who's that other man? 
      I've never seen him before.  
      What is Alarick saying?
      Suddenly it dawned on me. No other wolf would accompany the Alpha to confront another Alpha. That man..
       Leo's new Beta.
       I could see Leo speaking with Alarick a good distance away. He didn't look happy, and neither did Alarick. The man standing next to my brother matched my curious gaze with his own. He stared right back at me, eyes unblinking and hard.
      Alarick looked back at me and then stepped to the side, blocking the man from my view. Or blocking me from his view.
      After ten painfully long minutes of them speaking, Alarick suddenly turned to walk back to the car. Leo called out to him, making him stop in his tracks. I watched Alarick look to me in the car and back to Leo. Then he nodded his head once.
       Leo hurried past him, to my door and opened it. 
       "What's going on?" I asked him.
       "Is this what you want?" He ignored my question.
        I took in his frantic appearance.
       "Sylvia, do you want to go back to Greycove and stay there? For the whole year, like your contract said?" He asked me.
      I was taken aback. "Yes." I answered honestly. 
      He paused for a moment, like he was frustrated. I stared back as he searched my eyes. "You're sure?"
      I nodded my head at him. "Yes. Yeah, I wanna go start my job in Greycove."
      Leo exhaled through his nose and stood up straight. "Very well then. That's where you feel safest? You'll call me?" 
     I nodded my head again, "Yes. If you'll actually answer my calls."
      "Dont-." He stopped himself before he could snap at me. "Okay. Okay, alright. Just call okay?"
     I forced myself to hide my frown. This isn't the Leo I know and love. He seems on edge, so unsteady and stressed. It was nerve wracking.
     "I will. I'll call you and Jack often. I have your numbers on speed dial." I told him. 
      Leo reached for my hand and held it. "Be safe, Syl. I'll try to come visit."
     I nodded as he closed the door and walked away. Something about the goodbye left a weird feeling in my gut. I didn't like it.
     Again Leo and Alarick exchanged words before separating. He walked to back to the car as my brother went back the way he came, the other man following him. 
      Alarick opened the door and sat in the drivers seat. For a moment it was just quiet and neither of us spoke. I felt my stomach twist and turn at our closeness in the car. 
      "So... are we going back now?" I asked.
       He turned to look at me, his hazel eyes immediately sucking me in. "Would you like to say goodbye to Jack? Any friends?" 
      I thought about it. I guess I should say bye to him. I was so pissed at him this morning, but I'm already beginning to forget about that. 
      "I should find Jack." I said.
      Alarick nodded silently. He reached up and pushed some of my hair behind my ear, his cold fingers grazing against my cheek as he went. My heart fluttered at the contact. 
      He sighed and I felt his breath fan across my face. Then he turned and started the car, pulling out of the empty dirt lot.
      We pulled up to the front of the pack house, where I saw Jack coming out of the main front door. At the same time, Leo and his unnamed Beta exited the woods. The twins didn't speak as they passed each other. 
      I opened my door to say goodbye. 
     "Jac-"
      He hugged me tight, squeezing hard.
     "Ow, ow." I muttered. "Alright!"
     Jack pulled me away, "You have my phone number, okay? I want at the very least weekly updates. Fùck- no. Daily."
     I laughed at that, "Relax. You can come visit! If that's allowed..." I looked over to Alarick, who nodded at me from the driver's seat. 
     My brother stared at me.
     "I'm not worried, Jack. I'm really excited to go back." I told him honestly.
     He sighed and nodded his head slowly.
     Jack hugged me again, "Be safe and be smart, okay? I'm here for you, whenever you need me. We're gunna talk to you soon, Syl. I love you."
     I tried to smile, "Okay, love you."
     My brother stepped backwards, allowing me to get back in the car. He watched us as we pulled away from the Pack House.
      As we drove away, I felt torn. Part me already missed my brothers, and I felt uneasy leaving home while everything was so weird. But I was also excited for my job at Greycove.
     "Your brothers love you." 
      Alarick's voice snapped me out of my thoughts and I nodded.
     "They do." I agreed.
     "You're all close?" 
      I nodded again and looked out the window. "We used to be much closer."
      Alarick nodded his head knowingly. "Leo's under a lot of pressure. New Alpha."
      I turned my head to him. "Why did they change their mind? Before you came, neither of them would let me go back to Greycove."
      Alarick continued to drive. 
     "I reminded your brother of our agreement. And that my pack is far more safe and secure." He said.
      I was quiet and thought about his words for a moment. Safe and secure?
      "From what?" 
      He turned to look at me. As usual, his eyes have nothing away and his face remained blank.
      I waited for his response. Judging by the long silence, I could tell he was choosing his next words carefully.
      "There are a lot of things going on that you don't know about. But, I'm sure you've already figured that out by now." He looked at me again and then back to the road. "Some of these things are only for Alpha Leo to deal with."
      "But theses things involve me?"
      He paused. 
      "Your safety is always a priority, yes. Which is another reason why being in my Pack is the best option."
      "So, my safety is in question somehow?"
       Alarick's jaw tensed up.
       "When you're with me, within my pack, your safety is never in question." He said in a deep voice.
       I didn't respond. Rather, I watched him focus on the road. Despite the endless peculiar things I experience in Greycove, I suppose never felt that it was truly an unsafe place...
       I huffed and turned to look out the window.


Part 33

      The drive with Alarick was long, and I couldn't relax a bit. I was feeling annoyed at him and my brothers. The three obviously knew something I didn't; something that involved my safety. 
    And Alarick was clever in answering my questions without really answering them.
      But it was hard to stay annoyed at him. Whenever he rested his hand on the gear shift, it'd brush against my leg. Just a hair of a touch, and it sent tingles all through me. 
     Or when he'd rest his elbow on the middle console, just barely grazing my arm. The feather light touches almost felt teasing in a way, like he could sense my annoyance towards him.
      After many hours of driving and trying not to focus on the man next to me, we finally reached Greycove. 
       He pulled up in front of my familiar little house. Before I could even open my door, Alarick was there. He held it open and stood in the way, staring down at me. I looked up at his face from my seat. 
      "You're mad at me." He spoke.
      I blinked. "...No."
      "You are." He returned.
      I looked away from him. I should fix my obvious attitude I suppose.. I hadn't spoken to him for most of the drive. Like my brothers, he wasn't giving me any clear answers and it pissed me off..
       I hated being so clueless.
       Alarick squatted down in the frame of the car door, bringing himself to my eye level. The sudden closeness made my heart skip a beat. He rested a large hand on my knee and examined my face, clearly waiting for an explanation. 
      I sighed and tried to not focus on his touch. "I just hate being left in the dark. It's driving me crazy. Not knowing what's going on.." I admitted.
      His eyes darted between mine. "I'm sorry." He said softly. My heart fluttered even more when his hand traced little circles on my knee. "I understand this is frustrating for you." He observed.
      I stared into his eyes. From this close I could see the tiny specks of green in them.
     I wanted to stay mad at his reluctance to answer my questions, but my anger was already fading.
     "I just want to know." I exhaled. 
      This game was tiring. 
      He looked down at my lap, and scrunched his eyebrows together. It looked like it was bothering him almost as much as it bothered me. 
     I decided to take advantage of the rare opening.
    "Can't you tell me something? Maybe not all of it... but at least a piece of what's going on? Why is my safety suddenly a concern-"
     "It's always a concern." He cut me off.
      I sighed, "Okay. But why now? Why are you and my brothers having private talks about it? Why did they let me come back? Is something happening in my home Pack that I don't know about?"
     I took a much needed breath.
    Alarick's hand was rubbing my kneecap, probably in an effort to calm me down. 
     He leaned away from me and looked around as he sighed. I watched as he suddenly stood up and wiped his face a few times.
    I'm probably annoying him.
    I should stop.
    Just as I was about to apologize, he spoke. 
    "Why... Why don't we go inside and talk?" He asked me gently. 
     I blinked in surprise. "Really?"
     Alarick reached out his hand to me in response. I didn't hesitate to place my smaller one in his. As usual, warmth spread from his touch.
      He shut the car door and led me up to the house. I was too focused on the feeling of his hand wrapped around my own to notice him unlocking the front door.
      Once inside, I felt a weight come off of my shoulders. Everything was just as I left it. My coats hanging on the rack, the book I was reading left on the couch. I smiled. 
      I looked to the right and saw one of my favorite little potted plants on the shelf. I moved it's thick leaves to the side to look at it's soil, which was freshly watered. I looked up at Alarick in confusion.
     The corner of his mouth lifted, "Olivia."
     I nodded my head and smiled. 
     He slowly led me over to the couch by our conjoined hands. I sat down fully facing him, ready to listen. When I tried to pull my hand from his grip, he tightened his hold. 
      I stopped pulling.
      Alarick sighed quietly and ran and a hand through his hair. I watched him. He seemed nervous, which was a strange and rare side of him to see. 
      I scoffed lightly, "Is it that bad?"
      He answered truthfully. "I just don't want to upset you. Or frighten you." 
      I raised my eyebrows at his honesty. 
     "Why would I be frightened?"
      Finally, he turned to look at me. My heart tugged at the expression be wore. There were lines between his brows, and a small frown on his lips.
       "Alarick." I said softly.
       His hand squeezed mine and his thumb started rubbing the back of my hand in a soothing rhythm. At first I thought he was trying to calm me, but it seemed like he was trying to calm himself. 
      "Your Father was an excellent Alpha. I'm sure you know that. Not only did he successfully protect his Pack for over fifty five years, but he also protected others. Blackwater is a well known and beloved Pack because of your Father's constant aid to others." 
      I knew what he was talking about. It was true, my dad was determined to help other needy Packs. He'd send supplies, food, even some of our men to assist other areas. 
      I watched his large thumb go back and forth over the back of my hand. 
      "But your Father also made mistakes, mistakes he never went back to fix. Now that your brother is Alpha, Leo's left to deal with the aftermath. I'm sure you've noticed his stress."
      "That's why he's been so distant and... cold lately." I commented.
      Alarick nodded. "Not only did he suddenly become an Alpha, but he now has to right his Father's wrongs."
     I looked up from our folded hands, "What did my dad do?"
     I almost didn't want to hear his answer.
     He turned to look at me. His eyes seemed hard. "Do you remember learning about the Elementals?" He asked.
      My eyes widened in recognition. "The forest fairies." I said.
     Alarick smiled at me softly. "Yes. The children's tale of the forest fairies. The old fable about the chosen ones with extraordinary abilities, born to protect and preserve the Moon Goddess's blessed woods."
      I frowned, "Those people.. they're still around aren't they? They live hidden deep in the Moon Goddess's woods." I thought for a moment, "But they don't really have extraordinary abilities. That part was just apart of the story."
      He looked to me, "Some did."
     "Really..? How? I thought it was an old legend."
      "Centuries ago, they all had these abilities. Every one of them was an elemental. Some of them could control wind, some could do the same with fire, water, or earth. But as time went on, their numbers started to lessen. It came to a point where only one member of their group would have these abilities at a time. Like a cycle." 
      "The purpose of their powers was to protect the Goddess's forest, right?" I asked him and leaned my head on the couch.
      "Yes. Fire elementals protected the nature from burning and were able to contain natural forest fires. Water elementals protected it from flooding. And so on." He explained. "It was their passion, their entire life. Protecting the blessed forest where the Moon Goddess once dwelled, in honor of her." 
      I thought about what he was telling me. 
      "I never knew that they actually had those abilities.." I commented.
      He nodded his head. "As centuries went by, Alphas began forming Packs and claiming territories. The Elementals had to fight to protect their land from power hungry wolves. Eventually, even the Fae had to step in."
     My eyes widened. "The Fae? Fairies? But they never enter our realm. Ever."
     "That's how much danger the Elementals were in. Every week was a new attack from a new Alpha attempting to claim their land. The Fae intervened, gifting these people with spells and potions to hide themselves and the Moon Goddess's woods."
      "Wow. So they had to hide themselves from the Werewolves?" I asked.
      Alarick nodded his head again. "That's why no one has seen them for centuries. They're still hidden, guarding the Moon Goddess's forest. A man coukd go searching for the woods, but he may end up walking in circles for hours. It's a mind trick."
     I leaned back. "That's amazing."
     We sat in silence, lost in our own thoughts.
     "Alarick, What does that have to do with my Father?" I asked him.
     Alarick connected his eyes with my own again. "Your Father did something to them."
     I paused. "The Elementals?"
     He nodded slowly. 
    "How? They're impossible to find."
    "It's not impossible." He said. "Extremely difficult, extremely dangerous. But not impossible."
    I stared at him in surprise.
    "So you're saying my dad found them?"
     Alarick's grip on my hand tightened a bit, as if asking me to stay.
     "He did. And something happened between he and these people. I don't know what, but I know there is tension between this group and Blackwater." He told me carefully.
     I sat up straight. "My dad had contact with them? How? When?" 
      He looked away, "I don't know. I just know he wronged them and there is unfinished business that's now left to your brother."
      I shifted my body to be facing forward and stared at the black tv screen. I guess this would explain why Leo's been so cold. 
     "Jack knows?" 
      He nodded silently. "Now he does."
      Again, we settled into a silence. What could my Father have done to those people? First off, how did he find them? Why was he even looking for them? Did this happen before I joined Blackwater? 
     A thought occurred to me and I quickly looked to over Alarick. He was already watching me, with his head turned towards me.
     "Is this why my Father and Leo pressured me to come here? To Greycove?"
      His eyes burned into my own and his silence answered my question. 
     "So...you knew?" I asked.
      Alarick's free hand moved to cover our already joined ones. I pulled my hand away and he immediately tried to grab it again. I backed away from him. 
     "You knew that I wasn't safe in Blackwater... Because the Elementals were angry at my Father.. So... W-Was there ever really a job offer?"
      He inched closer.
      "Yes. We have many gardens and Greenhou-"
      "But did you purposely offer the job to my study group, hoping that I would accept it? So I'd get out of Blackwater?" I asked him.
      "Yes, but-"
      "So it was all planned out. You, my brothers and my Father. You all- You planned this out."
      "Sylvia, please listen to me."
       I stood up from the couch. All of this new information was flooding my mind and I didn't know what to think. I didn't know how to think. 
      Alarick stood as well and suddenly placed his hands on my hips, turning my body to face him.
      "Sylvia. There's a job here for you. There is. I just- when I saw you that day-" He cleared his throat, starting over. 
      "Your Father, Alpha Aiden, confided in me, telling me that he had wronged them deeply. He realized that meant you were in danger, being his daughter, the Alpha's daughter. Well, my Pack was looking for someone to tend the greenery and there you were and-"
      I shook my head and stepped away. 
      "I-I had thought that this was some kind of fresh start for me. Oh my God, I had thought that-"
       Alarick grabbed my arm in a firm but gentle grip, tugging me back to his chest. His hands cracked my face, desperate for my attention.
       "It is! It is, this is a new start for you. It worked out perfectly. See, you were not in a safe place and I had a place for you here."
        I avoided his eyes. "But you knew. This whole time you knew what was going on with my family. And I've been going crazy trying to understand-"
       I cut off my thought and took a deep breath. "I just need to think all this through. I-I'm still processing what you just told me." 
      I finally looked up at him. His face seemed pleading, desperate for me to understand. The line between his lowered eyebrows was back, revealing his mood. 
      I tugged on my arm, "L-Let go." 
     Alarick didn't.
     Now, I was getting frustrated. 
     He knew and didn't tell me? Did he just think I wouldn't ever figure it out? My family's safety is on the line and he didn't let me know?
     "Let go, Alarick." I said a bit firmer.
     "You're mad at me." He said. 
     "Well, yeah. Yeah, I am a little mad! And confused! And worried!" I raised my voice.
      He stepped closer, leaving less than an inch between us. Between he and the couch, I didn't have an escape route. So I huffed and turned my head, avoiding his burning stare. 
      "I'm sorry." He said. 
      "Were you ever going to clue me in?" 
       Alarick sighed and pressed his forehead to my own. In an instant, my anger dimmed. The growing tightness in my chest paused, and was replaced by butterflies.
      But my scowl remained. 
      His large hands stayed on my sides, holding me in place. They slowly moved backwards, tightly wrapping around my waist. His head moved to my shoulder. 
       "Let go.." I muttered into his shirt.
        He hugged me tighter. As if on cue, the tingles returned and spread throughout my body and calming my senses. 
        Which pissed me off. 
       I was pissed off because I didn't feel pissed off anymore.
       I struggled to keep my arms awkwardly at my side. Everything in me was telling me to wrap them around his neck, and pull him in even closer.
       I felt him bury his head further into my neck. It was strange. Despite my heart threatening to burst out of my chest, it almost felt soothing.  
        "Alarick..." I tried. 
        He sighed into my shoulder. 
        My face blushed when my body shivered against him. Okay, too much. This is too much.  
        "I-I should go to bed. It's late and... And I need to process all of this." I said.
         His arms slowly loosened around me and I stepped back. Before I could be put under another Alarick-spell, I hurried over to the stairs and stood on the bottom step. Turning around, I looked at him. 
        "Goodnight." I said.
        He stared up at me for a minute, looking dazed, before responding. "Goodnight."
        My eyes followed him as he slowly walked over to the front door.
        "I found out about the tracking device you put on my phone." I added as his back was turned. 
         I watched his back tense up as he faced the door. He suddenly whirled around and started walking towards me again. 
        My eyes widened. "No! Stay. Stay over there." I backed up the stairs a few steps. "Goodnight." 
         With that, I hurried up the stairs and closed my door. After a few minutes, I heard the front door open and close as well.


Part 34

       You guys are the best :) Like, Vote, and Comment!———————————————————————
        I went to bed exhausted. Not physically, but in just about every other way. So much information had been crammed into my brain and I was completely drained from trying to make sense of it all. 
        Lately, it's been one thing after another! Flopping onto my bed felt euphoric. Amazing. Wonderful. I was beginning to favor this room over my own in my home Pack.
      Unfortunately, waking up wasn't as pleasant. 
      Again, I awoke with the urgent thought that someone had just yelled out to me. My eyes instantly popped open and I quickly turned my head. With my adrenaline pumping and body tensed up, I scanned the room. Just like yesterday, no one was there and no one was calling my name. 
      I sighed loudly and rubbed my sleepy eyes while trying to calm my pounding heartbeat. What a weird way to wake up. Again.
     I sat up in bed and checked the time. What should I do about my job? I had obviously missed the original start date.
     Maybe I should talk to Ericks.
     Alarick did say that my position is still here and waiting for me. And I guess I don't really have a higher-up to report to.
     The thought of Alarick made my heart clench. Part of me wanted to blush and squeal at last night, and the other part wanted to scream. I mean, he dumped a massive load of information on me! And the constant hand-holding and embraces didn't help my mind clear up at all. 
      I wanted to know what my Father has done to the Elementals. I was shocked to learn that he's even had contact with them. The mysterious group is centuries old, legendary, and untouchable. Just like the precious Moon Goddesses forest they protect.
      I sighed again. This is all just... so much.  So much tension. So much confusion, so many secrets and unanswered questions.
      And so much Alarick.
      My chest fluttered remembering how he held me just a few hours ago. I already missed that warm feeling. For just a second, I closed my eyes and replayed the moment in my head, a small smile playing on my lips.
      My eyes widened at my inner thoughts and I shook my head.
     Focus Sylvia!
     I forced myself to get up and start getting ready. After brushing out my hair, I pulled on some warm clothes. I even spent more time than usual on my makeup, feeling extra excited about being back.
      I practically skipped down the stairs, already thinking about what plants I wanted to check on in the Greenhouse. I had even started drying some herbs before I left.. I bet Ericks took care of those already.
     "Ah!" 
     I jumped out of my skin at the sudden voice. 
     Whirling around, I saw Olivia entering my front door. Of course, without knocking. Her familiar neon orange head of hair peeked in the doorway as she grinned at me. 
     Her eyes lit up, "Oh! Sylvia! You're here!"
     I laughed at the greeting and welcomed her crushing hug.
     "I am! Why'd you come in if you didn't think I was here?" I asked.
      "Meh. I dunno. Sometimes I just wander." She said simply.
      "I don't think I'd count entering someone's home as wandering." I commented.
      Her excited eyes whipped back to me, clearly ignoring my words.
     "Hey, I thought you were starting work! But then Alpha Alarick said you were taking a few days off?" She said to me.  
    Ah. So that's how he covered it up..
     I laughed dryly, "I know.. Sorry about that. But I'm back now!"
     She released me and stepped away, "Good! When ya starting at the Greenhouse? I mean, you're already there pretty much everyday, but when does the real job start?" 
     I sighed. "I've gotta talk to Alarick about that. Or Ericks, I guess. I'm not really sure who to report to.." 
     Olivia nodded and leaned up against the wall, "Do you even report to anyone? I think you're free to kinda call the shots, right?"
     I shrugged. "Dunno."
     "I mean you, me, and Ericks, are the only ones who keep the Greenhouses in order. And Ericks and I just kinda volunteer. He goes way more than I do though."
     I nodded at her reminder. "Yeah.. Maybe I'll just start tomorrow then."
     Olivia popped her gum, "Cool! I'm heading there now. Wanna come with?"
     "Yeah." I smiled.
     Olivia and I walked over to the Greenhouses slowly. We talked about our favorite plants inside, and what we planned on soon growing. She laughed when I started listing off as many facts as I could about her favorite Thomen's Ivy. Then, my lively friend called me a nerd. 
     Finally, we reached the familiar building. As soon as she pushed the door open, Ericks head poked out from the bookshelf.
     "Liv!" His smile widened, "Hey, and Sylvia!"
     "Hey." I greeted.
     "Heyoo!" Olivia dragged out.
      Ericks was quick to update me on the plant's charts. He was excited to show me some of the changes I had missed in the week I was gone. Again, Olivia playfully mocked our excitement.
      "She's just hiding the fact that she's even more of a nerd when it comes to botany."  Ericks leaned in and whispered to me.
       Her purple lipstick-lined mouth dropped open in shock, "Am not!".
       "Are too." He deadpanned.
       "No way! I just help here cause I'm a freaking nice person!" Olivia hollered.
        "Didn't you make a little sign over there that says: 'Liv's Garden'?"
         I interjected, "With hearts around it."
        Olivia's face twisted, "Yo- You- That was for shits and giggles! I was bored!" 
       We laughed as she went on, swearing up and down that she's only here out of boredom. But we all known that Olivia's love for nature matched our own.   
       The three of us carried on like this for hours. I happily got to work, taking notes, updating charts, watering, re-soiling, and moving around the plants. Ericks did his own thing, organizing the book shelf while mentioning the new books he wanted me to read. I think Olivia was asleep.
      And the next three days went on like that as well. I officially started my job, which pretty much consisted of the things I was already doing there. Thankfully, a man named Elijah came in to speak to me about it.
       He was the Gamma of Greycove, third in command to Alarick. His kind smile and detailed instructions were beyond helpful. Elijah gave me a brief rundown of what responsibilities I'd be covering, and told me where I'd be able to find extra supplies, Greenhouse and garden files, and details about my paycheck. 
      Before leaving, he gave me multiple keys to the Greenhouses, and one to the large tool shed near the woods. 
      "I know you'll do great, Sylvia. This place already looks so much better." Elijah smiled as he scanned the area, nodding his head in approval. 
      "If you have any more questions, here's my contact. And my office is on the second floor of the pack house, door 5. Come anytime." He smiled and waved as he left. 
       I closed the door behind him and laid my back against it. I looked at the endless rows of plants in front of me and smiled. 
       Yes!
       I felt giddy as I added the keys to my key ring. I was sure to place one in the lamppost outside, just in case. Another one, I left on the desk for Ericks. 
       I tied up my hair and spent the rest of the evening sweeping the soil covered floor. I had just planted new seeds in the bed, and successfully made a mess in the process. As I went, my eyes caught onto the light green stems in the corner. 
      I wiped my hands on my pants and put the broom down, inching closer. I knelt down and grazed my finger along the mysterious leaves. These were the same ones I watched grow before my very eyes. 
      I thought back to the scene still stuck in my head. I remember it clearly; After cutting my hand on Ericks toolbox,  I looked down to see these plants sprout to life. It was like magic. 
       Actually, I'm beginning to think it really was magic. There's no logical explanation. I even went to the trouble of calling Mr. Drake, hoping for some sort of answer. But with everything going on recently, it completely slipped my mind. 
       I gently held the tiny leaf between my fingers.
      What kind of plant does that?
      As I thought, I suddenly remembered the little seeds from the car crash. I distinctly recall holding them in their brown little shells, and after the accident opening my palm to see the new green stems.
      There must be a connection.
      They must have something in common.
      Plants don't just instantly grow like that. 
      So what's the common denominat-
      "Thinking hard, little Sylvia?"
      His voice made my hairs stand up. I quickly sat up from my hunched over position and looked to the doorway.
       Thomas was leaning up against the door, grinning down at me. 
      Man, I hate his smile.
       I nodded my head with a polite smile. "Yep. Just thinking about these guys." I carefully lifted up the leaf in my hand. "And all the others, of course."
      "So much more than a pretty face. Your knowledge and... passion for nature is impressive. Admirable." He commented from his position.
      My cheeks reddened at his bold words. "Ah. Uhm, thanks. Thank you." I looked back to the small plant in front of me.
      "I trust you had a nice visit home?" 
      I nodded, "Yeah.. It was good." 
      Something flashed in his eyes, "You sound troubled. Your visit wasn't what you wished it to be?"
      I frowned. "My trip was fine. Why?"
      He stepped away from the door frame and walked inside, hands in his pockets. "Leonardo called me. Said you were upset and asking lots of strange questions. He felt as though you didn't trust his Alpha title." 
      I looked up. "What?"
      Thomas examined a book on the shelf. "I know, I know. How could he think that of his own sister? No worries, I managed to calm him down after a long talk. He's no longer angry at you-"
     I stood from my position on the floor, "He was angry at me?" I asked him.
     Thomas looked over at me. "Oh yes." He said lowly. "Ah- Of course, he doesn't know I'm telling you this. You'll be keeping it between us now, won't you Sylvia?" He asked. "Your older brother still asks me to check on you for him."
      I carefully stepped closer, "What did you and Leo talk about?"
      Thomas sighed, "My goodness, so much. He's pleased you've left Blackwater. He said something about not being able to balance both being Alpha and constantly watching over you."
     My brows furrowed. 
     Thomas continued. "I told him we were glad to have you here. That I'm glad to have you here. Here, you're intelligence is appreciated. And put to good use." He gestured to the clean Greenhouse. 
       My shoulders slumped. "Constantly watching over me..?"
       His eyes connected to my own as he inched closer, "You're not a burden to me, Sylvia. I truly enjoy you being with us. Don't worry about your brother, I'm sure he misses you. Surely he's been calling you regularly these past few days."
       I looked away from his unnerving gaze. 
       "Don't tell me he hasn't called? At all? For three days?" Thomas asked me.
        I busied myself with moving around some empty pots on the table.
       "Well then. At least your brother Jack has been in touch with you. Right?"
       I gripped the pot tightly. In the past three days, I haven't heard from my brothers. I tried calling and texting Jack two days ago, and Leo yesterday. No answer.
       Thomas scoffed lightly, "Neither? Your brothers haven't tried to contact you? Even after believing Greycove wasn't safe?" He asked.
       I glared harshly at the pots in front of me, growing angry.
       "My goodness. How awful, Sylvia. Doesn't your family care? Don't they miss you?"
      He's trying to get in my head.
      "How could they just let you go? You once described them as 'overprotective'." He scoffed. "What kind of brothers wo-"
       I cut him off, "I think you should go."
       Thomas was quiet for a moment. It was silent for a long minute before I heard him walk to the door. 
      "Very well then. Well, unlike your family, I'm here for you. You can trust me. Goodnight, Sylvia." He shut the door behind him.
        I was left staring at the now closed door with a growing anger in my chest.
        Is what Thomas said true...?
        Is Leo tired of  'constantly having to watch over me'?
        My heart felt heavy at the thought.
        Is that why he suddenly let me return?
       Because he didn't want to deal with me?
       I pulled out my phone and checked the notifications. No calls and no texts from either of my brothers. Neither of them had opened my text messages either.
      I frowned.
      I shouldn't trust Thomas. I know that, the man has given me the creeps since day one. But he kind of had a point... Why haven't they returned my calls? I know it's only been four days, but still.
      And Leo has seemed different. Alarick told me it was because of my Father's mess being passed on to him. But could I be adding to his stress?
      My heart squeezed and a heaviness filled my chest. Is that why Leo's been different? Have I been a burden? I know I don't listen well, and I often find trouble, but I've always respected him.
      Tears pricked my eyes. 
      I was angry. Angry at Thomas for planting this seed of doubt in my mind. Angry at my brothers for not reaching out to me. Angry at myself for feeling this way. 
     Idiot brothers!
     And where's Alarick?!
     I haven't seen him for three days now!
     I shook my head harshly. 
Nope. Nope, I shouldn't be mad. Alarick doesn't owe me a visit. I can't be mad at him. 
     Maybe annoyed... a little..
     I finished my sweeping and anxiously put my notebooks and textbooks away. I wanted to shower and get into bed already. Giving the place one last check, I put on my coat and threw my bag over my shoulder.
      I locked the door and walked home in a sour mood, with Thomas's awful words bouncing around in my mind.


Part 35

       I trudged back to the house in a bad mood.
       Thomas's little speech had thrown me off, and now I was full of uncertainty and anger. I think I was angry because some of his words were true. I had been avoiding it. 
     Even if he was lying about his call with Leo, he was right about my brothers failing to reach out. And call back. And open my messages. 
     My heart sank a little deeper. 
     But what Thomas said... it checks out.
     Leo has been acting cold.
     How much trouble have I been causing?
     Have I been burdening him?
     Does he resent me?
     For what felt like the hundredth time, I harshly shook my head. I shouldn't be thinking this way. How could I doubt them? They're the only family I have; My brothers love me!
     Right?
     I mean, know I'm not really their blood.. 
     No. No, they love me! 
     My head was beginning to pound painfully at all the upsetting thoughts flooding my mind. I had never doubted my family's love for me like this before.
     There's no denying the change in our relationship. Alarick told me that Leo's under a lot of pressure. So, that must be it... Yes, that must be the reason. That's why he's been so different. It's just stress.
     The tears in my eyes stung harshly. I blinked away the wetness and marched up the porch stairs. I jammed my key in the hole and slammed the door behind me. 
     Stupid Thomas! 
     Why'd he have to go and put these awful thoughts in my head?!
     And why am I entertains the thoughts?! Why am I falling for it and taking the bait?
     I sighed loudly and tossed my coat onto the counter. For a moment, I held my throbbing head in my hands, as if it'd help my brain from bursting. Is it possible to think yourself into a migraine?
      Sniffing, I looked in the small mirror near the door and wiped my teary eyes. I was suddenly feeling exhausted. 
     A throat cleared behind me.
     I twirled around to look in the small dinning room. He stood there, taking up most of the doorway, staring at me with his hard eyes examining.
     How long has he been there?!
     I felt my cheeks beginning to burn and turned away, hanging my bag onto the hook. Well. He definitely heard me slamming things around.
     "What are you doing here?" I asked.   
     Instead of a reply, I heard his footsteps.
     For some reason, the lack of response from him pissed me off. Well, to be fair everything was pissing me off. I was in a pissy mood.
     "Where have you been for the last three days?" I asked sharply.
      I could feel Alarick's body heat right behind me. It feels like it's been so much longer than three days since I've seen him. 
      Again, no response came.
      "You know, you really need to start answering when people talk to you. It's rude when you don't." I said in a moody voice.
      Goddess, what am I? 
      An old pestering wife?
      I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, still facing away from him. I needed to reel my emotions in. No need to take my anger out on Alarick. He didn't do anything.
       "Um-I'm... I'm actually not really feeling too hot. I'm going to go rest a little." I told him in a softer voice. 
     I knew my eyes were probably still red, so I kept my back to him. "So, I'll see you a little later."
     I only got two steps into my escape. Alarick's arms darted under my knees and around my back, lifting me off the ground and curling me up into his chest.
     "W-what. Alarick!" I stuttered out.
     "If you don't feel well, I'll carry you." He explained  his actions simply.
      My cheeks burned as I noticed the little space between our faces. From this close, I could see the barely-noticeable freckles on his cheeks. He stared straight ahead, taking me up the stairs like it was the most natural thing in the world.
      His body warmth quickly seeped into me, bringing a pleasant soothing feeling along with it. I stopped myself from laying my head on his shoulder. 
     "...I can walk." I huffed.
      He finally brought his hazel eyes down to my own. His face looked relaxed and blank. "I was out of state for a meeting." 
      I blinked. "What?"
      "That's why I was gone for three days." He explained. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you."
       I felt my cheeks burn once again as I remembered my earlier pestering. "Oh... no, it's- That's okay..." 
      He walked slowly up the stairs. Halfway up the long staircase, I gave up my inner battle and laid my head on his shoulder. I missed him. I barely knew him and I missed him so much. I noticed his steps falter for a second when my head met his shoulder.
      Alarick carried me into my room, pulled back the covers on my bed, and gently set me down. I watched him, curious at his actions. We locked eyes as he slowly pulled the blankets over me. 
       "You started work." 
       I nodded my head in the soft blanket.
       "Do you like it?" He asked.
       "Yeah.. It's been great. I've been having fun organizing and replanting." I told him, suddenly feeling much more tired.
        Alarick's hand brushed my cheek as he nodded, "Good. I'm glad you enjoy it. I hear Elijah stopped by?" His hand started tracing my jaw lightly.
        "Yeah... he was helpful." I said. I was vaguely aware of my words coming out slower. My eyes fluttered as his touch started to put me to sleep.
       Amusement shined in his eyes as he leaned in closer. "He was?" 
       "Mhm.." Has this blanket always been this soft? It's super soft. 
       Alarick looked like he was holding back a grin as he spoke gently. "How helpful?"
       My eyes suddenly felt heavy. "Uhm.. really helpful." I answered even slower.
       His rough finger glided across my jawline.
       "I'm glad Elijah was really helpful." His voice came out as a whisper.
        "Mhm.." I agreed lightly and my eyes gently fluttered shut. 
        Alarick was quiet for a moment and I almost fell asleep right then and there. I felt the bed dip when he inched closer.
       "Why were you crying earlier, Sylvia?" 
       "Hmm... wasn't." I mumbled.
       "Were." He whispered back.
        "No.."
        "Yes." he answered.
        I sighed and kept my eyes closed. The pounding in my head was fading as I began to fall asleep, as his hand still grazed across my jaw. I vaguely recall feeling warm lips press into my forehead and him saying something.
                Today I woke up around 5 am. Thanks to yesterday's painful headache, Thomas's troubling words, and Alarick's hypnotic caresses, I was out like a light by 8pm. But now, I felt fully rested.
      I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and sat up. Looking down, I laughed lightly at my clothing from yesterday. I guess I never really changed or even got ready for bed...
      Before leaving my sweet bed, I checked my phone. No missed calls, no new messages. My brothers hadn't even opened my texts. My heart fell a little at that. But I quickly forced myself to push it from my mind.
      I quickly brushed out my hair, threw on some makeup, and got dressed. The entire time, I was trying not to think about my brothers. So, a new thought entered my brain: Alarick. 
      Nowadays I don't even bother in trying to stop the thoughts of him.
      The man is invading my inner thoughts and I couldn't stop it. Honestly, I don't even know if I wanted to stop it. But I knew that now was hardly the time to focus on Alarick. 
      First, I wanted to study those two mysterious plants some more. Everything about them seemed normal, except how they began their life. 
      The scene replayed in my mind. In both cases, the seeds grew before my very eyes. It seemed like magic; the way the green little stems rose up from the dirt.
      It frustrated me that I couldn't find an answer to the mystery. I'd been intensely studying Botany for months, and no book, no article, no professional mentioned something like this.
       Grabbing an apple and a thick coat, I practically flew out the front door. My heart warmed at the random waves I got from people on my way to the Greenhouse. These strangers were slowly becoming familiar to me, and I to them.
        Ericks and I got to work quickly. Today was a "kitchen fill" day, meaning the Pack House kitchen needed a refill on fresh veggies. After filling a basket of ripe and ready tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, and peppers, I set it to the side to be delivered. 
      After that, I filled the three com-posters, re-homed some over grown ivy's, and checked on the table of our drying herbs. Three hours later, the two of us were happy to flop onto the office couch. 
       "Ah. Almost forgot." Ericks said as he reached into his bag from the couch. "I found something amazing."
        I rolled over and sat up on my elbows, watching him curiously. 
        He pulled out a large blue book and held it up, saying nothing.
         I stared at him.  "A book? What's so amazing about it?" I asked him.
      "It's a book. A Botany book you haven't read yet." He said in a dramatic voice.
      "Ha. Ha. Funny." I replied sarcastically.
      He continued to hold it in the air.
     "....Give it."
      Ericks laughed loudly as he tossed the book to me on the couch. "That's what I thought!" 
      I spent almost two hours reading that dang book. Most of the information I already knew, but it was refreshing nonetheless. I was actually really impressed by the Author's extensive knowledge. They spoke of so many lesser known methods and facts. 
      Excitement filled me as I continued to read. This person really knew their stuff! The way they spoke about plants, the extent of their knowledge and passion, it grabbed my attention and held it.
      My eyebrows rose when I read about the Author on the back.
      "Botanist Peter D. Snayers..." I mumbled.
      A sudden thought occurred to me.
     I wonder if he'd have an answer to my mystery.
       I looked around the large book for a website or contact information. None. The only information I found was the word 'Evertaye', written in small print under his name. 
      "Evertaye..?" I questioned aloud.
      A sudden knock at the door pulled me out of my thoughts.
      Just as I looked up, Nate walked in. His eyes found mine and he grinned.
      "Sylvia!" He smiled.
      "Nate!" I mimicked.
      "I just came looking for Olivia. She wanted to borrow this." He held up a small video game case in his hand.
      "Ah, she's not here. But I bet she'll swing by tomorrow. I'll tell her."
       "Thank ya, thank ya." He says as he plops down on the other end of the couch, making himself comfortable. "You're reading?"
       I nodded and sat up, "Yep." 
       Nate nodded his head and flipped through some of the books on the couch.
       I hesitated. "....Is it insane that I wanna go hunt down this Author..?"
       He laughed without looking up. "Hunt down as in kill? I mean, I wouldn't recommend it. I dunno, his book can't be that bad-"
       I tossed a light pillow at him and he laughed. "Ok, ok. Why do you wanna find him?"
        "I just... have lots of Botany questions. And he sounds so intelligent, more than all the other authors I've read. I think he could help me out." I explained.
      Nate nodded and looked thoughtful. "You can't just google your plant questions?"
       I groaned dramatically. "No! That's why I wanna find this guy. He could answer all my questions. I know he could."
        Nate raised his eyebrows and blew air from his nose. "Well how are ya gunna find him?"
       "Dunno. I cant find him on the web, or anywhere on his book.. Just 'Evertaye' written under his name."
        His eyes lit up, "Evertaye? I know Evertaye. That's a small pack down south. He must be a Werewolf."
      My eyebrows rose. "For real? That makes this a lot easier." 
      "Nope." He commented. "Evertaye is like a 14 hour car ride. You'd have to fly down there or something." 
      "I could make it a road trip. I like driving." I defended.
      Nate shrugged.
      "Is Greycove allies with Evertaye? I've never even heard of them."
      Nate shrugged, "They're small. Small enough to not be a threat to any other Pack. I don't think anyone really bothers with them. Their numbers are less than 100."
      Silence filled the air as I stared at him intently. 
      Finally Nate looked up.
      "What?" He asked.
      "I'm going to go visit Evertaye."
      "Goddess, Sylvia..." Nate chuckled as he exhaled loudly.


Part 36

      Thank you for the votes, likes, and comments! Let me know what y'all think:)————————————————————————
       Nate was not amused at my new mission, but I was feeling determined. The thought of possibly finding some answers was beyond thrilling! 
      "So-So what? You're going to just jump in your car and drive there?!" He walked back and forth.
      I looked up at him from the book I held in my hands, "Yeah. Why?"
     A phone chimed and I quickly grabbed my own. 
     Jack?  Leo?
    "Sorry, that's me.." Nate mumbled as he silenced his own phone.
     I held back a disappointed sigh and put my phone away.
     "Just drive there..." He repeated. "You can't just do that! That's- Okay let's think it through first."
     I sat up, "What do you want to think through?" I asked, watching him as he paced the small office.
    "Work! You have work here, in the Greenhouses. You can't just up and leave."
    "Oh, I have a long weekend! Elijah gave me a list of my off days yesterday. I'm off on Monday." I told him with a smile. 
     Nate stared at me. "Okay... What if they don't want a human coming in?"
     My eyebrows pulled down into a scowl, "What's wrong with a human coming to visit?" I asked him.
      Nate's frantic facial expression softened, "No, nothing. Not like that. A stranger - What if they don't want a stranger?"
      I frowned at him, "Well I'll have to talk to Elijah about contacting them before I actually leave. I know that I can't just arrive unannounced, Nate." 
      Nate shook his head, as if in disbelief at my plan for the trip. "Well... Alpha Alarick won't let you."
     "Alarick isn't my Alpha."
    "What if you aren't back in time for work on Tuesday?" He asked.
     "Then I'll let Elijah know I'm running late."
     "What if.. what if something happens to the Greenhouse?"
     "Ericks is more than capable to cover for me."
     He flopped down onto an empty chair. 
     "Are you done with... whatever that was?" I asked him with a laugh. 
      He sighed, and was then silent for a moment before speaking again. "Fine. Okay, I'll go with you."
      I looked at him, surprised. "You don't ha-"
     "Stop begging! I said I'll go." 
     "....Huh?"
     "I'm coming too. Only because you clearly want me too." He said. 
     "Oh, thank the Heavens." I chuckled sarcastically.
      If I wanted to go visit Evertaye, first I needed to speak to Elijah about it. He had told me earlier to come to him with any questions, and I was cashing in the offer already. And I knew He'd be able to answer all of these questions.
       Nate agreed to meet me back at the Greenhouse in an hour, and I left for the Pack house in search of Elijah.
      "Second floor, door five..." I repeated the Gamma's words from yesterday.
       I squeezed past many buzzing bodies throughout the house and looked for the stairs. A smile broke out on my face when a few people happily greeted me on my way up. The second floor was drastically different than the main one. This floor seemed almost like an office, with matching brown doors lining the walls. 
      I quickly found the door labeled '05' and knocked quietly. Seconds later I heard Elijah's voice.
      "Come on in, Sylvia." He called.
      I held back a laugh. Werewolf scent..
      Opening the door, I poked my head in.
      "Hi Gamma Elijah."
       He looked up from his laptop and smiled, "Hi there. How can I help ya, kid?"
       "I had a few questions. You know of the southern Pack called Evertaye?"
        Elijah nodded his head and leaned back in his chair. "Yes, they're a small group."
        "Right! Well, one of their members is Botanist named Peter Snayers. And I was wondering if it'd be possible to go visit him."
       His eyebrows rose at my request. "Visit him? For what exactly?"
       "I really admire his writing, and have a lot of questions about the subject of plants. And about some of his theories and experiments I've read. I'd also really love to get his opinion on some things."
      I intentionally left out the piece concerning the mysterious plants I wanted to ask Mr. Snayers about. 
       Elijah thought quietly for a moment before nodding. "Okay. Well, Greycove and Evertaye do have an active peace treaty. In fact, we often send them extra supplies." He grinned lightly. "If you'd like to travel there for a quick visit, I can contact their Luna and Alpha with a formal request."
      I smiled, "Really?"
      "Alpha Steven and Luna Alandra are very kind, and we've had ties with their Pack for a number of decades now. But I do suggest you take someone with you. It's a long drive to a foreign place; best not to go alone."
      My smile almost hurt, "Yes! Awesome, thank you. Oh! And Nathaniel offered to come with me."
      "Great. I'll send a message to them and call you once I get word. Keep your phone on you."
       I nodded my head and thanked him again, closing the door behind me. It was an effort to not skip down the hall. Part of em didn't think I'd be able to go.
       Just like Elijah said, he called me just 28 minutes later. My visitation request was approved, and Dr. Snayers now knows of my coming arrival. Elijah also sent me a GPS route to follow, as well as Evertaye's Gamma's contact info.
        An hour later, Nate and I were already packing up my car for the short trip. 
        "Do you always go on last minute road trips like this?" He asked with a chuckle.
         I ignored his question and continued double-checking my items in the car.
        "Okay. I left a note for Ericks on his desk. Finished up with the ferns and herbs, locked up, packed warm clothes, packed some notebooks, watered my plants.." I trailed off. "What else?" 
       Nate looked at me as an icy cold breeze rusted his hair. "I don't think we're forgetting anything. Let's go." He smacked the top of my car and jumped into the car.
      I gave the Greenhouse once last glance, checking off my mental to-do list, and got into the car. For just one second, I thought of Alarick. 
       Nate plugged our destination into the GPS and was messing with the radio. 
       "Thirteen and a half hours to go." I smiled as he groaned and shook his head.
           Four hours in, we stopped for gas, food, restrooms, and switched seats. I was happy to stretch my legs and get a break from all the driving. Nate was also happy, claiming that I was going too slow the whole time.
       "Watch this, I'll knock an entire an hour off our time." He grinned as he hopped into the driver's seat. 
        "Please don't crash Pamela." I mumbled.
        It was silent for a beat.
        "....Did you name your car Pamela?"
        I hesitated. "Yeah."
        Nate threw his head back and laughed hard. I huffed and told him to 'shut it' as I snuggled into the blanket I had brought along.
        "Do you know a Pamela?!" He asked, still laughing loudly.
       "Of course not! That would be weird!"
       "Oh! That would be weird?!" 
        "You're going to lose your driving privileges!" I threatened with a grin.
        Nate wiped the tears from his eyes as his giggled, "Okay, okay. Sorry Sylvia. And sorry Pamela." He smiled.
         "Just drive." I groaned. 
         "Yes ma'am."
          Five hours of 2o questions, music, missed turns, and playing the license plate game later, we pulled into the parking lot of a small motel.  We had agreed earlier to find a place to rest rather attempting to drive through the night. I was more than happy to agree. 
        "One room, two beds." Nate told the woman behind the counter. 
        She popped her gum and gave him an annoyed glare before tossing a key onto the table. "Door 3." 
        "Lovely." Nate replied.
        "Thanks!" I called over his shoulder.
         We walked to door number three and quickly went inside, anxious for some sleep. Both of us stopped to examine the room before hesitantly setting our stuff down.
        "Twenty bucks says someone was killed here." I say,  looking around at the small dusty room.
         "Twenty bucks says the body's still here." He commented as he covered his nose with his shirt.
          "But it beats driving through the night though." I shrugged and claimed a bed.
         "Does it...?"
         "Wimp." I teased.
          "Shush." He ruffled my hair as he made his way to the bathroom. I took advantage of his absence and quickly changed into pj's. 
          Both Ericks and Olivia had messaged me; Ericks sent a simple thumbs up,  probably in response to my note on his desk, and Olivia wrote 'Who uses their time off for work stuff?! Nerds! Nerds do!'
         I sent her back a middle finger emoji. 
         Then I felt bad and sent a heart.
         Olivia replied with a camel emoji.
         I was about to respond with a mango when Nate came strolling out of the bathroom and flopped onto his bed dramatically. "Who's driving first tomorrow?" 
       I looked over at him, "I can start off. There's what, four hours left?"
       He nodded in agreement, "Looks like it. That's actually not too bad, I don't mind driving the rest."
      "Ya sure?" I asked.
      "Sure. You got gas and food, so I'll drive."
      "Deal." I grinned. "Wanna get on the road around 8am?"
      "Yeah. That should have us there around 12ish." He agreed.
       For awhile, the two of us chit chatted as we readied for bed. As much as I didn't want to admit it, I was relieved Nate was here with me. Despite only having known him for a month, I knew I could trust him. 
       "Hey, Sylvia?" 
        I looked up from my phone and over to his bed. He laid there under the blankets looking up at the ceiling.
       "What?"
       "When you said Alpha Alarick isn't your Alpha... Is that ever gunna change?" He asked.
      "I don't know." I thought for a second, "I mean, technically I'm not apart of your Pack."
       He turned his head to look at me, "Yeah but how long will you work for Greycove? Are you just always going to work with us but never join us?"
        "I dunno." I looked away from his curious stare. "I signed a year long contract."
       "So you only want to stay a year?"
       My brows furrowed, "I guess.. Maybe I'd stay longer if it was offered. I... I've never thought about staying long term." 
       "Hm." He hummed thoughtfully. "Well it's something to think about. You already have a bunch of friends here."
       "Yeah, maybe.." I trailed off.
       "Night Sylvia." Nate smiled and turned over in his bed.
       "Night." I replied.
        Nate's light snoring carried throughout the room as I laid staring at the ceiling. I had never thought about that before, staying in Greycove long term, longer than a year.
      My mind immediately went to back to that girl from the fire pit a few days ago: Kacey. Her cruel words remained in the back of my mind: "Humans and wolves don't mix in nature, so why force it?"
      I shook my head against the old pillow. I need sleep, not self pity and doubt. 
      I'll worry about my status with Greycove later.


Part 37

      I'm so sorry for the crazy long absence, my reader friends :( Thank you all so much for following the story, the comments, and the votes!
———————-———————————————————
        I woke up before Nate and started to get ready. With him still clocked out and snoring on the bed, I was able to quickly do my makeup, get dressed, and even pack up my bag. 
       I was anxious to meet with Dr. Snayers.
        Finally, it was 8am.
       "Let's go!" I said excitedly. "Up! Get up!"
        Nate groaned from the covers.
       "My GPS says there's a bit of traffic right now. And we might need to stop for gas. Oh- I want to get a few waters from the vending machine before we go..." I rambled to myself as I finished folding the used pillow cases. 
        "Hey. Are you listening? Up, Nate." I scolded.
       Again, he groaned. "How do you have this much energy this early?" 
       "It's not that early. It's only 8 am." I checked my phone, "Ah, 8:06. Come on, up."
         Finally he rose from the bed and trudged to the bathroom while muttering to himself.
        Honestly. Men.
        Excitement coursed through my veins. I couldn't seem to stay still for a second, and hurried around tidying up the room. I even threw all of Nate's crap into his bag and put it by the door.
       By 8:29, he was finally ready to go.
       "Seriously, woman!" Nate laughed as he pulled the car out of the motel parking lot. "You'd think the world is ending with how rushed you were."
      I scowled, "Well, you take forever in the morning!" I defended.
      He shook his head and looked over at me, grinning. "You're really something else, Jacobs."
      "Shush." I grinned. "Just drive."
      Nate and I were officially less than 30 minutes away from Evertaye's territory. I growled in frustration and dropped my cell phone into my lap.
      He glanced over at me from the drivers seat. "Still can't get a hold of the Gamma? Are ya sure you're dialing the number right?"
      I nodded my head in silence and, for the tenth time, checked the correct phone number. "I dont think we should enter their territory before touching base with someone." I mumbled as I recalled his number.
       Nate nodded, "I agree. They know we're coming, but still. Try calling again."
      "The voicebox is full, so I can't leave a message."
       "Try again in ten minutes."
       I was about to check my phone again, when I saw something out the window of the car. I gasped in a loud surprise. 
       "Woah." My head whipped back, eyes locked out the window, on the trees we just drove by.
        ....W-Was that..?
       What is she doing?!
       "Huh?" Nate asked.
       "P-pull over!"
       "What? Why?" 
        I turned in my seat, still desperately watching the trees. "Just stop the car for a second!" I answered him.
        He pulled over, still questioning my commands. I practically leapt from the car, hurrying to the wooded area behind us.
        I stepped over logs and pushed aside branches as I searched the scenery around me. 
       I know I saw her just now!
        "Amala?" I yelled into the trees.
        For just a second, I saw her duck behind a thick tree, eyes glimmering. I quickly followed her into the sea of greenery. "Hey!" I yelled out.
        Reaching the tree she disappeared behind, I found nothing. My eyes darted around, looking for where she had gone. 
        "Sylvia!" Nates voice called after me.
         I was still panting from the dash, and still looking around the nature surrounding us. 
          Where is she? 
          I just saw her here..
         I turned around and saw her again, this time walking away and smiling back at me, almost in a playful or teasing manner.
        "Amala!" I called out. "What are y-"
        "Come on!" Nates hard hand locked onto my arm, jerking me away roughly. 
         "Oof, hey! Wait-"
         "No! Something feels off here. We're leaving." He demanded loudly.
         Nate quite literally dragged me out of the shallow area of the forest, and back to the car. 
        "Wait, Nate-"
        Slamming my door, he hopped into his own and sped off down the road before I could even speak.
         "What's your problem?" I asked, rubbing my reddened arm.
         "Y-You can't run off into the woods like that!"
         "But I saw-"
         "You can't do that!" He snapped. "You can't just follow weird people you see in the woods!"
          "People? You saw her too?" I asked.
         "What? No,-"
         "You just said people!"
         "No I didn't!"
          "Nate! I know you saw her to-"
          The ring of my cell phone cut me off. I looked down to the device and back to him, glaring. 
           He did the same. "Answer it." 
           "I know you saw her too...." I repeated before pressing the answer button.
        "Hello?"
        "Yes, Sylvia Jacobs? With Greycove?" 
        I sat up, "Yes! Hi." I stammered.
        "Hello! This is Gamma Tate of Evertaye. I spoke with your Gamma this morning of your arrival?" 
      I looked to Nate, still slowing my racing heart, "Gamma Tate! Awesome, I'm nearing your territory with my friend now. We're about 30 minutes out.." I trailed off.
     "Good to hear! I'll meet you. See you soon."
      I ended the call quickly. 
      "O..Okay. So he'll meet us." I looked back out the window, still thinking about Amala.
      Why the hell is she all the way out here?
      Last I saw her was in Blackwater!
      What was she doing?
      "What did you mean earlier? When you said something felt off?" I asked Nate.
       He shrugged, kept his eyes on the road, and then scoffed. "Maybe it was the fact that you leapt out of the car." He joked sourly.
       I watched him, "But you dragged me back to the car. Saying something felt weird."
      Nate made a face at the road ahead of us, "Ya freaked me out! I was worried!"
      Still, I stared at his face. "Really? I thought you felt something too. I know I did!"
       When he answered by rubbing his nose, I continued. 
       "So how did something feel off to you?"
       "I dunno, Syl... We've been driving for a while."
      "Yeah, but there was something back there. That girl I was telling you about! The one from-"
       "Hey, how far are we? Keep an eye out for this road on the left." He cut me off.
      I noticed his eager subject change. 
      "Fine." I sighed and began looking out the window.
      Soon, we pulled onto Evertaye soil. As promised, Gamma Tate met us by the territory's main gate. He gave a small wave as he stood by the small metal fence. Nate pulled the car over and we exited quickly.
      "Sylvia, Nathaniel. I'm Gamma Tate." He shook our hands and spoke lowly. 
      "Thank you for allowing us to visit. I've never seen your area." Nate looked around at the greenery. 
       Gamma Tate nodded, "Polar opposite of Greycove, that's for sure. Liking the warm weather?"
       The two men made small talk while I stared at a small vine covered shack in the distance. I already knew it was the greenery. 
        "Sylvia?"
         My head snapped to Gamma Tate again. "Yes!"
         He grinned, "Shall I take you to Peter?" 
         I grinned too, "Dr. Snayers! Yes! Is he in?" I subconsciously gripped my bag, thinking of the seeds I brought to show him.
        "He should be. That small building there is his greenery and workspace. It's open." 
        "Thank you, I can go myself." I said, looking at the little house. 
        Gamma Tate nodded and turned to Nathaniel, "Gamma Elijah told me you're a pack warrior. Like to see our training grounds?" 
       Nate smiled brightly, "Sure. Oh- Sylvia, I can come with-"
       I brushed him off, "No, go do your thing. You guys will know where to find me." I smiled.
       Gamma Tate kindly patted my back before stepping ahead with Nate, "Borders are secure. No rouges or threats around these parts for centuries. Perfectly safe." 
      I smiled and watched the two walk away before  I walked towards Dr. Snayer's greenhouse. The little shack looked magical, like and old mysterious study you'd read about in fairytales. Dark ivy and vines covered almost the entire building, except a few small worn out windows and wooden doors. 
        It reminded me a lot of the greenhouse in Greycove, but a bit.... messier. Several pairs of old muddy boots were tossed in the yard, along with mismatching lawn chairs and forgotten books. Large, overgrown bushes surrounded the stone led path to the main door.
      Nerves of excitement blossomed in my chest. Are all of my questions about to be answered? Will Dr.Snayers help me find the truth?
       I creaked open the already ajar door. It swung wide open with a loud squeal. 
      "Hello?" I asked.
       The room was old and dusty, yet inviting.Endless books lined the walls and were even stacked from the floor, up. A lounge chair sat next to a desk, accompanied by various plants and herbs messily tossed next to a small open notepad. 
      "Dr. Snayers?" I asked again. I stepped in further, peeking around the small study room. 
        "Sylvia Jacobs." A voice spoke behind me.
         I gasped loudly and swirled around, almost dropping my bag.
        An older man with grey hair sat in a large yellow chair. His hand supporting his chin, and a finger across his top lip. Accessing, watching. His long legs were crossed as his eyes bore into my own, almost accusingly.
         "Oh!" I caught my breath and took him in, "Yes, my name is Sylvia. I'm um- I'm from Greycove-"
         He stood and quickly strode past me, "You're from Blackwater."
          I turned around and followed him, "Right... Technically, Blackwater is my home pack. How did you know-"
        "What can I do you for, Miss Jacobs? I was under the impression that you had some botanical related questions for me." 
       I took a minute in answering. Dr.Snayers was a brilliant man, pieces of wisdom and knowledge pouring out in every one of his books. 
      But now, well now he was seeming like a grumpy old Werewolf. 
      I made a face. "Okay. Yes, yes I do have some questions."
      "Hm." He stayed hunched over his notebook as I spoke, shuffling papers about. 
      "Regarding some things I seen...and felt.. While working with different plants." I continued.
       Snayers didn't bother responding.
       "And some seeds. They're not normal seeds-"
       "Miss Jacobs, there are over 179,000 different plant species in our realm." He spoke. Finally he turned to face me, "Not all seeds look the same."
       "I'm aware of that." I replied, holding back a scoff. I reached into my bag. "But these-"
       "Do you know how many seeds I've seen? How many plants I've touched? How many species I've single handedly discovered and documented?"
       He rubbed the area between his eyes, as if he were annoyed by me.
       "Two hundred forty seven and counting. Do you know how many I've named? One hundred and sixty eight."
      I stared after the man as he busied himself around the cluttered office. 
      Straightening my back, I cleared my throat. "Well, these are different. And I need your help examining them."
     He didn't turn to face me as I spoke.
     I continued, "I've driven hours for your advice."
      Snayers huffed as he set down the papers he was reading. "Very well. Fine, show me."
     He quickly sat at the table in front of me, shoving scribble-filled notebooks aside. I plopped my bag onto the now clear spot and reach in for the bag of seeds.
      I placed the growing buds in front of him.
      Annoyed, he sighed, "Jacobs, those are-
      "Terxions. Type C. I know."
      His eyes darted to mine.
      "They're a common moss plant in Fae territory . Easy to identify. I'm here to speak with you about how they sprouted."
       Snayers leaned back in his chair, watching me blankly. "And how did they sprout?" 
       I hesitated for a moment, "Before my eyes. Instantly. I've never seen anything like it."
       He directed his thoughtful stare now to the small plants on the table in front of us. 
       "I was in a car crash recently. The crash happened while I was holding these seeds. One minute they were small hard brown seeds, the next they each had a sprouting stem, almost two inches in length."
      "That's impossible."
      "That's what I said." I challenged.
      Snayers was silent as he glared at me and the plants. "Why should I entertain such a ridiculous lie?" He said, bored.
      I sighed, "Aren't you curious? This has been eating me alive. I've read every book there is to read. Every textbook, every professional journal."
      He stood from his chair and walked away, and I followed close behind.
     "I-I've studied them. I've experimented, I've reread articles and other studies."
      He went behind a bookshelf, collecting texts in his arms as he went.
      He's not going to help me.
      The thought made my chest tighten.
      "Look, I really need your help on this. You're right, it's impossible. It shouldn't have happened, but it did!" I pleaded.
       Snayers kept busy as he dumped the books onto the table, then scurrying off to the other shelf. His wrinkled face looked displeased at my rambling.
       "You're my last resort here, Dr. Snayers."
       "Sit." He snapped as he passed me.
       I turned around to watch him. "....What?"
       "Sit. Unless you'd like to get back in your car and drive back-"
       I quickly sat.
               Dr. Snayers and I didn't sleep that night. We stayed up in that cluttered little office, thinking, researching, experimenting, and reading. I was sure to also tell him about my other experience, in the greenhouse. How the other seeds sprouted in the soil just after I had cut my hand. 
       Snayers was silent for a long moment after hearing that. As I told him, he stared at my hands. 
        Every once in a while, we'd think we found something. Some piece of information that would spark a fury of page turnings and internet searches. But, like al the other times, it'd eventually come to another dead end. After several hours of this tortuous process, I was losing hope in finding an answer. 
       "This is useless. I was hoping I could blame it on the Trexions being from Fae territory." I spoke to the ceiling. 
      "Maybe some sort of potion or rune was on the seeds..." I threw my head back down, looking to Snayers as I spoke. "But I'm not finding any kind of spell that even does that, suddenly making plants move and grow in an instant."
        He closed the old book he was reading and leaned forward, letting out a 'hmm.'
        "There's no species of plant that does this. No spell that can cause it. No other reports anywhere of such a thing. But it's happened, twice." I said, frustrated.
         A text on my phone chimed.
        'Permission to stay in Evertaye tonight. Ur room is in a small private guest house east of greenhouse - right next to the gate. I'll stop by at 7 tmrw!! G'night.'
        Nate's text message was a relief. I really didn't want to drive home so soon, in the middle of the night. 
        "Go." Snayers suddenly stood.
        I glanced up, "Huh?"
       "Get out. I want to think." He said as he handed me my bag and walked towards the door.
        I watched him, surprised. "Did you think of something? Do you have an ide-"
        "I won't have any ideas if we keep chit chatting ." He opened the front door and stood there. "Out, Jacobs."
         I restrained myself from huffing at his bluntness and walked through the doorway. Heading down the overgrown dirt trail, Snayers voice made me turn around.
        "Be here at 6:30." He mumbled before closing the door tightly.
          I bit back a smile.


Part 38

      Finding the small guest house Nate had texted me about was easy, but falling asleep on the other hand was not. Despite my exhaustion and stress from the busy day, sleep was not coming. I sighed, staring up at the blank ceiling of the guest room. Like the entire past month and a half, my mind was spinning.
      I can't stop thinking about Amala.
      Why is she here? 
       I mean, is she really here?
       Did I even really see her?
       I shook my head. What am I thinking, of course I saw her! I ran after her into the woods! I was so sure, we made eye contact!
       My frustrations only grew when I forcefully switched my thinking to my long time with Dr. Snayers. We still have no answers, no leads, no ideas. 
        .....Did I imagine the plants too?
       Did I imagine Amala and the plants?
       Am I seeing things? 
       I sat up in the bed and held my head. I could use one of Leo's boring documentaries about the animal kingdom right about now. That'd put me to sleep for sure.
       My heart tugged at the thought of Leo and Jack. I missed them, so much. I pulled out my phone and quickly texted that very thought to the two of them. Who knows, maybe they'll actually respond. 
        I let out a scoff at that.
        My finger paused over Alarick's contact.
        I missed him too.. I never really said bye when we left on this sudden trip to Evertaye. But I'm sure he knows where Nate and I are by now. Elijah would have reported our approved trip.
        I tossed my phone aside on the bed and stood. One dramatic stretch later, I made my way to the window, admiring the thick forest in the moonlight. A sudden thought popped into my head.
       I wonder if Amala is still out in those woods..
       No, of course not.
       She was earlier though..
       Maybe I should go check.
       What if she's lost? Or needs help?
       I hesitated by the cool glass. It wouldn't hurt to just scope it out a little, right? Gamma Tate said there have been no threats here for centuries, so I know it's safe. And hey, what if she really does need help? What if I see her again?
       I slowly inched closer to my jacket and the door. This is a bad idea..
       Throwing on the light jacket, I slipped out the main door quietly. It's just a night time stroll, that's all! Not looking for mysterious people I may or may not be imagining. 
        Nope, none of that happening here.
        Tonight, the moon shined brightly, illuminating the dark warm ground around me. The walking trail was easy to see, and even somewhat near the same road where Nate and I first had spotted her earlier today.
        I walked leisurely, continuously checking over my shoulder that the guest house was still in sight.
       This is still a bad idea.
        I knew Jack would lose his mind if he knew I was roaming around a new pack territory alone at night. Leo wouldn't be happy either... Or Nate. Or Alarick..
          Wimps...    Werewolf wimps.. 
          I kicked a rock on the path and continued to scan the trees. I guess it is kinda silly to think she'd still be out here. But I'm glad I checked, something deep inside me wasn't going to let go of the strange urge.
       Maybe the warm fresh air will help me fall asleep, anyways. 
        Satisfied to have quieted that urge, I turned around with a sigh.
        As soon as I turned back, my eyes narrowed onto a figure directly in front of me.
        "Ahh-!"
         Her cold hand clamped over my mouth as she smiled brightly. "Shhh! You're going to wake all those wolves up!"
        I peeled her hand back, "A-A! Amala!" 
        She giggled and stepped back, "Be quiet!" 
        "You scared the hell out of me..." I gasped.
        "Ha! I'm sorry.." she smiled again. "Oh! Hey! I saw you earlier today!"
         I stared at her like she was crazy. "I know that! I chased you in the woods!"
         Amala threw her head back and laughed, black curls bouncing around her shoulders. "You practically jumped from a moving car! Are you crazy?"
         My eyes widened at her words, "Am I crazy?! You! You- You're the crazy one! What are you doing out here? Why-"
        Amala's round brown eyes widened in amusement, "You're real worked up Sylvia!"
        I didn't know whether to wring her neck or laugh. Can I do both?
        "Agh! I've been going crazy! H-How are you here? No- Why are you here?"
        Her thick brows furrowed, "Do you not want me here?" She asked.
        My frustration lessened, "Huh? No, that's not it. Its just, I saw you in Blackwater and then you disappeared, and now you're out here.. And...."
       Amala watched me with intrigue, smiling the whole time. "And?"
       "And I wanted to see if you're okay! Why are you all the way out here in Evertaye?!" I asked.
       She smiled and walked along side me, "I'm always around." 
       I stared at her in suspicion, "You said that back in Blackwater too..."
       Her grinned widened as we walked. 
       "And you're voice sounds so familiar." I thought out loud as we went. "Really familiar. I've heard it before-"
       "You're here looking for answers, right? Here in Evertaye?" 
        I looked back at her face. "How did you know that?" 
        Amala stared ahead as we walked, "You know Snayers can't answer your questions. Not the big ones at least." 
        I stopped my steps. "Amala, how do you know all of this? Snayers, my questions.."
        She turned to me with that same knowing smile. "Ya know, I could actually answer every single question you have, right now! No more constant wondering, no more confusion or feeling left out. No fear."
        The thought made me pause.
        All my questions answered?
        Finally?
        "Don't you want that? Isn't that all you've ever wanted? Not Leo or Jack, but your family. Your real, true family?"
        Tears pricked my eyes and my heart beat was quickening. "Real.... My real family?"
         "You're real blood family. A sense on belonging? Or just knowing where you belong? Knowing where you came from?"
         I did want that. I wanted it so badly.
          "Yes. How did y-"
          The ring of my cell phone sounded out and I blinked, looking down at my pocket. I looked back up to find no one in front of me. 
          Silently, I turned around, looking for her. My watery eyes scanned the trees, and the dark forest around me. 
        "Wha...Wait." I said to the air, "Wait, Amala!" I called out desperately.
        But she was gone, once again. I felt lightheaded as I whipped my head around, hoping to spot her somewhere. 
       The small guest house was nowhere in sight, nor the clearly paved trail I was previously on. In fact, I was almost knee deep in plants and greenery covering the forest floor.
         What the..?
         My cellphone continued to ring, one incoming call after another after another. With a shaky breath, I looked at the persistent caller who interrupted our conversation.
         Alarick. 
        My already thumping chest nearly exploded.
        Goddess, my heart can't take all this.
        I glanced around one last time, desperate to see Amala again. To finish our talk. To hear what she was telling me. "Amala!" I called out.
        The high pitch ringing continued again.
       "Ugh!" I groaned in frustration and quickly silenced the device.
        Raking my hands through my hair, I took a deep breath and stepped out of the deep brush. As I stepped over large broken branches and shrubs, I still looked for her. I called her name, I strained my eyes, following every little movement in the busy forest.
        She's gone. I told myself.  Again.
         I let out a disappointed sigh, and finally found the trail I was previously on. The whole walk back, I glanced around, practically praying that she'd reappear. 
        How did she know all of that?
        Why does she say she has answers?
        And when did we leave the trail? 
        When I made it back to the front door of the small guest house, I hesitated to go in. A small piece of me was still foolishly hoping she'd come back. Hoping that just as suddenly she appeared the first time, she'd soon reappear now. I was so desperate.
         "The hell are you doing?"
         "Ah!" 
          I screamed when Nate suddenly leapt down onto the porch next to me.
          Freaking Werewolves!
         "Wha- Why are you awake?" I asked him accusingly, holding my chest. 
         Nate looked around like I was crazy, "Me?! Why did you just come out of the woods at 2 am?!"
         "I couldn't sleep!"
         "You couldn't sleep?!" He repeated loudly.
         "Y-Yes!"
         "You couldn't sleep, so you decided to go play in the woods? Sylvia, have you ever seen a horror movie?" He asked.
          I rolled my eyes, "Oh, You're one to talk, you just popped up out of nowhere! Why you are up too?" 
         He brushed past me and opened the door,  ushering us inside before answering, "Because I just got a call from our pissed off Alpha."
         "Your pissed off Alpha." I muttered.
         Nate glared at me.
         "He said he couldn't get a hold of you. At first I thought he was just being over-protective, but here you are! Creeping through the forest at 2 in the morning!" 
          I huffed and walked into the kitchen, still trying to slow my heartbeat. My brain immediately went back to Alama and her strange words, making sense of what she had told me.
         "-Have you no sense of danger? What- What if you had gotten lost?" Nate continued.
         I sighed. "It was just a stroll on the trail! I won't do it again! Not at 2 am.."
       "Sylvia." He glared.
       "Okay! I won't. Sorry." I smiled.
       "Honestly, Sylvia." He breathed out. "Especially on an outsider's territory.."
        I slowly put my jacket back onto the hook, mind still buzzing. So Amala knows? She knew the names of my brothers... She knew that I'm not their blood.. And she knew that I was here looking for answers. But how..? How does she know?
       "I'm always around."
        Her previous words returned to my mind. Why does she keep saying that? She's always around..
       Is....Is Amala watching me?
       Is that how she knows all this stuff?
       Is that what she means when she says 'I'm always around'..?
      Is that how she knew I was in Evertaye?
      "-via! Hey, Sylvia!"
      I looked up, to Nate who was staring at me.
      His face wrinkled in concern. "Are you feeling okay?"
      "Yeah! I'm just- I think that walk made me tired.",  I dismissed with a laugh.
      Nate watched me for a moment. "You look shaken up. Are you sure?"
      I nodded as I poured a glass of water. "Well you scared the crap out of me!" I joked, "I'm fine, just sleepy now."
      He hummed and looked away. A small pang of guilt hit me as the lie easily rolled right off my tongue. Lying seems to come so naturally to me nowadays.
     I wish I could tell Nate everything.
     He'd think I'm crazy.
     "I'm actually going to head to bed now. I'm meeting with Snayers in the morning."
       "Alright. Want to leave here around 7?" He asked.
       I nodded again, heading towards the stairs. "Yeah, that sounds good. Night." I smiled.
      Nate returned my grin and said goodnight. Halfway out the door, he turned, "And no more sneaking out!"
      "It's something you have to do. Something we have to do!" 
       The familiar old woman's voice returned in my mind as I slept. 
       "No. No, no we can find another way! I'll run, I'll take her and I'll esca-
       "Fool! Escape? You think you can escape an Alpha and his army?"
         The younger woman wept loudly. "I can try! Please! I'll hide her-"
        "No! We have to give her to them. Hand her to me, Theia."
        Theia? So the younger woman who always appears in my dreams, her name is Theia?
        Her cries became louder, filled with despair, "I won't do it! I won't!" 
        My chest tightened in raw emotion as I listened, stuck inside the dream. 
        "Child, don't make me pry her from you." 
        The sobs became wails, "Goddess, please!"
        "Wake up."
         Suddenly I heard a quiet voice much closer, right in my ear. "Wake up now, Sylvia."
         My eyes popped open and I sprang up in the bed. Panting, I looked around the room. Looking for the culprit. That voice again... 
        I finally recognized the voice I had been hearing in my head. The one I heard in the woods. The one I heard in Greycove.
         That was Amala's voice.
          My eyes widened in realization.
         That's why she always sounded so familiar.
         I sat in the bed, mind buzzing. That same dream.. The one I always have, with those two women; They're always fighting over a child. And the  in my mind voice was Amala!
         Amala wasn't in the dream, but she was certainly speaking. Speaking to me. Was she the one showing me this?  And all those times I'd randomly hear my name being called: in my sleep, in the woods. Has it always been Amala?
       I stood from the bed and began pacing. How could I have not connected the dots? That's why I recognized her voice, I've been hearing it in my head. The calls to the woods, the echoes in my mind. It's Amala.
       What does she want with me?
       Why is she doing this?
       No, how is she doing this?
       What is she?!
       Suddenly, a loud knocking sounded at the main door. I rushed out of the room and opened it, revealing an annoyed looking Nate. His eyebrow popped up, "Well you do not look ready."
       I blinked. "Huh?"
       Nate pushed past me and walked in, "It's almost 7, Sylvia. Past time for us to go home. Come on, girl." 
       I rubbed my face in confusion. "Ugh, I'm sorry Nate. Let me go pack now." I told him.  
       "Quickly! We told Evertaye we'd be off their territory by now." He called as I rushed into my room.
        My head began to throb as I threw all on my things into my bags. Notebooks, papers, clothes, bottles. After a few quick minutes of tidying up the guest room, I joined Nate on the porch. He had already straightened up the rest of the small house for me, anxious to get on the road.
      "And you were scolding me for taking forever yesterday.." he commented teasingly.
      We walked to the car and tossed my bags in. I had just gotten inside when the thought hit me.
      "Agh! I left my phone-"
      Nate sighed and turned around, "I'll grab it."
      "I'm sorry!" I called to him.
      As soon as he disappeared back into the house, quick movement from the path ahead caught my eye. My stare locked onto a grumpy one.
      I mentally facepalmed.
      Snayers. Our meeting. This morning.
      I completely forgot. How could I forget?!
      He scowled as he stomped over to the car, leaning into my window. 
     "Dr. Snayers! I'm so sorr-" I began.
     "I don't appreciate being blown off-"
     "I know. I know. I'm so sorry, I didn't sleep- Last night, there was-"
      "It's you, Jacobs." He said. 
       I stared at him in confusion. "What? What is?"
      "You. You're the problem. Think about. The strange plants bursting - it only happened when you were around. When you cut your hand. When you held them in your fist during the crash."
      My eyes widened.
      "These plants share nothing in common, nothing. Not their environment, not their soil, their location, their origin. You, you're the only thing."
       I scoffed softly at his bizarre words, "Y-You're saying I did this? How?"
      Snayers stared at me. "That's our new question. How'd you do it?" 
       For a long moment we stared at each other.
       "...I can't. I didn't."
       "You think it's a coincidence the second your blood hit the soil these dry seeds burst to life?" He asked me.
       I shook my head, "Y-you're wrong. No one can do something like that."
       "Certain people can." He answered.
       "Who?" I asked.
       "Someone who has always felt connected to nature. Someone who feels an inner call to the plants themselves."
       I continued my lost stare at him.
       "What are you saying? Who?"
       "An elemental. Elementals can do it."
       I didn't blink before responding, "I'm not-"
       Nate burst from the front door, leaping down the steps. "Okay, I found it! Alright, let's hit the road." He exclaimed. 
               Snayers took several slow steps away from the car while holding my gaze. His astonishing words were still processing in my mind. He stared at me, watching his message sink into my brain.
       "Goodbye, Thank you." Nate leaned out the window and smiled to Snayers, beginning to pull away from the driveway. 
       I stared at my lap. 
      An elemental?
      Those old forest fairies fairytales?
      Ha! Snayers really is a loon. He can't be serious, right? Does he think I'm a child?            "Thirsty?" Nate handed me a water.
      "Thanks.", I forced a smile and looked out the window, struggling to brush off Snayer's strange little theory.
        How silly.


Part 39

     Nate happily drove for hours, talking about his time exploring Evertaye, before finally stopping at a small motel. Both of us tired, we lugged our bags into the room and crashed hard. 
     As usual, my nonstop overthinking had left me mentally exhausted. I couldn't stop thinking about what Snayers said to me. 
     'An Elemental.'
     I scoffed at his words as I brought out my blanket. An elemental. Please! 
    Though, it was hard to laugh at the theory...
    Alarick and I had already talked about.. the Elementals. The night he revealed my Father's wrongdoings towards the group, and Leo's new overwhelming duty to correct them. 
    I had always thought Elementals were a fairytale, simply for children. But Alarick told me that these people once lived, strange powers and all.
      Snayers head is stuck in the clouds.
      Thinking Elementals are still around! 
     Even if Elementals truly did live long ago with such powers, that was centuries ago! Hundreds and hundreds of years back! The hidden Elemental group now has no abilities! I mean, they literally hide from society!
    "Night, Sylvia." Nate smiled at me as he laid his head down.
     I returned the grin and told him goodnight. 
     Poor Nate. I'm sure he knows something is up, I wasn't in a talking mood at all during our drive. I made a mental note to make up for that tomorrow. I need to control my emotions..
     Sighing, I flopped onto the bed. 
     An elemental... Ha!
     I muffled a scoff into my pillow as I thought about it. Just what is Snayers suggesting? Does he think that I'm five?
     Sleep came quickly and I was happy for it. 
     Goddess knows we need it. 
     "We have no other choice, girl!" 
     The old woman's voice was muffled and blurry in my dream, only slowly becoming clearer. 
  "I won't! I won't give her away! Please, she's all I have. Please." The young woman's voice was filled with cracks and sobs. She sounded like she was begging for her life.
   "Theia. Hand me your child. Time is running out." The old woman spoke slowly.
        Her child?
        Her cries became louder as her begging turned into refusal.
         "No!" Theia defied.
         Suddenly, I heard a far away banging sound out. The wails of sorrow from the woman became louder, as did the forceful banging and old woman's urgent demands.
       "Oh, Goddess! Theia, now!"
        "No! No, no!"
        "Theia!"
         "No!"
        "Sylvia!"
         "Sylvia!"
         My eyes popped open suddenly. Huh?
         "Sylvia!"
         Nate's voice carried through the room. Blinking the sleep from my eyes and trying to remember where the hell we are, I look over to Nate, who's folding up his blanket.
         He laughs, "Oh how the tables have turned. Get up already! We gotta go soon."
         I groaned and rolled over in bed. What the hell was that dream?
         Nate continued to tidy up the small motel room and toss our few items into bags. "Only two hours left of our drive, easy peasy." He spoke. 
        I sighed and trudged to the bathroom. Moments after waking and my mind was already focused back onto Snayer's words again. 
         'An Elemental.'
        I rolled my eyes as I brushed my teeth. I wonder if he thinks the Easter Bunny is real.
        20 minutes later, Nate and I were on the road, heading back to Greycove. He happily told me all about the training grounds he saw at Everytaye.
        "It was awesome! And there's only like 30 of them!" He said excitedly.
        "Only 30 warriors? Really?"
        Nate nodded, "Yeah! I mean they're a pack of 115 I think. Tiny compared to us.  But their training grounds were wicked! There's this ropes course and-" 
         I laughed at his excitement.
         "Im being serious! Wait, I took a picture-" Nate reached into his front pocket and leaned backward.
         The car swerved and I grabbed the wheel, "Nate! Nate!" I yelled.
        "Oh!" 
         His hands returned to the wheel in a flash. He steadied the car and looked to me, eyes wide. Then he laughed. 
        I flopped back into my seat. "Don't do that!"
        "Okay, okay. Just- it was really cool." He chuckled and settled back into the diver seat. "Hey, what about you? You never really told me about your plant study with Dr. Snayers."
      My playful mood dimmed, "It was alright. I actually enjoyed reading some of his studies."
      Nate nodded, "Oh. That's all? Didn't you have some botany questions to ask him?"
      I shrugged, "Yeah, I got my stuff done."
      Nate chuckled, "You don't seem satisfied."
      "He was little... a little loony." I laughed.
      "Loony? How?"
      I looked out the window. "He just has this really bizarre theory about... some of my plants."
      Nate hummed as he fiddled with the radio. "Any supporting evidence to his bizarre theory?"
      I thought. "I mean, yes but-"
      "Then it's not so bizarre, is it?" He smiled. "If there's proof behind it."
      "But it's nonsense. Its impossible." 
       Nate shrugged and looked at the road ahead of us, "Can't be impossible if there's proof."
      I scowled.
      He laughed again, "Open your mind, Jacobs. I mean, we live in a realm with humans, Werewolves, and vampires. Sometimes even fairies come around our neck of the woods."
     I looked out the window again.
     "Now does his theory sound so impossible?"
     I rolled my eyes and held back a smile as Nate praised himself for his wise words. 
      He kinda has a point.
      Sylvia. 
      Hey! Sylvia!
      Amala's now familiar voice echoed in my head. I stirred around and slowly opened my eyes.
      "Sylviaaa."
      I sat up in the passenger seat and looked over to Nate, who had his eyes on the road. He turned to look at me and grinned, "Ah, she's up! You sleep a lot, you know that? Perfect timing, we're home."
      We pulled in front of the main greenhouse and parked. I stretched while Nate happily hopped out of the car and grabbed his two bags. 
     "Well. This was fun, Jacobs. Hey, we may need to make a routine of spontaneous road trips to random places." He grinned.
      I chuckled lightly and nodded. "Thanks for tagging along, Nate." I exited the car. "It would've been unnerving to go alone."
      He adjusting his bag on his shoulder and walked down the path to the Pack House. "Anytime, Sylvia. This really was fun! I'll see ya at dinner?" 
      I nodded and waved as he retreated down the road. Sighing, I picked up my own bags as well and fished into my pocket for the keys.
      'An elemental.'
       I scoffed as I fiddled with the keys in the door to the Greenery. Snayers words were still heavy in my head. It's not true. It can't be true. If Elementals were real, they lived long ago. 
      Finally the door opened and I put the keys into my pocket. Before I could push it open and enter, the small wooden door was suddenly whipped open.
       Immediately, I was sucked into his beautiful captivating gaze. Goddess, I missed him. Wow, I really missed him. How long was I gone again? Two, three days? 
        Alarick stood in the doorway, hand still holding the doorknob. 
       His eyes bounced all over me, scanning my face, my hair, and finally locked onto my own.
      "Sylvia." He sighed quietly. 
      The word sent a shiver down my back and I grinned. "Hey. Ah- What are you doing here?"
       His stare was almost overwhelming. When he didn't move from the doorway or answer my question, my nervousness boiled up.
      I looked around, "W-we're you looking for somethi-"
      "I've been calling you." He said.
      Alarick took two sudden steps towards me, and I quickly used that as an opening for escape. I ducked under his arm and hurried inside the Greenery. 
     Alarick immediately turned to follow. 
      The plants all looked bright and lively. Happy and perky. I smiled, of course Ericks has been tending to them for me.
       "Uhm, yes. I was-" I turned away from the herbs and was met with his chest. Alarick looked down to me, expressionless.
        I cleared my throat and backed away, trying to finish my sentence. "Busy. I was busy."
       "Busy with who?"
        I met his eyes again. My cheeks burned as he stared at me intently.
        "Uh. Nate. And Dr. Snayers. From Evertaye." I blurted out. "I thought Elijah had told you."
        "I wanted you to tell me." 
         Alarick reached out and gripped my arm, gently tugging me closer to him.
        His other arm went around my back, pulling me flush against him. My eyes widened when he lowered his head to meet my gaze. His stare was firm, "I came to your house-"
        "The guest house?" I asked.
         He continued, "Your house. You weren't there. You weren't in the Greenhouses or gardens. Not in the Pack House or woods. Ericks and Olivia hadn't seen you."
        His voice was low and emotionless, as usual. But his words almost sounded like he was hurt or bothered. My heart softened.
        "I-I..." I struggled to find the words. I didn't think he'd mind my absence at all. Honestly, I didn't think he'd notice such a brief trip.
          His hands both wrapped around me, pressing our bodies together in an embrace. My heart nearly burst in my chest at the butterflies. His head was buried in my neck and I felt every breath he took against my skin.
          "Alarick?" 
          I felt his face burrow further into my shoulder in response. My legs almost gave way at the feeling. 
          "A-Alar-"
         "Did you miss me?" His voice came out muffled against my neck.
          I clutched the front of his sweater. 
         "You missed me, right?"
         "I wasn't gone too long...", My own words came out shaky. "Barely three full days."
          He pulled away from my head, suddenly looking into my eyes. "Tell me you missed me Sylvia. Even if it was only a little bit."
          I stared at him, almost stuck in a trance. I felt like my mind had gone fuzzy, being wrapped in his arm like this, close to his warm body. 
          "Tell me." 
           I missed him. I missed him so much and it didn't make sense. 
          I looked down at my hands currently gripping the soft material over his wide chest. "Y-yeah. I.. I missed you."
          He continued to watch me for a long quiet moment, before leaning forward and pressing his forehead to my own. I felt the cool tip of his nose briefly touch my own.
          When I brought my gaze back to meet his, we watched each other. His hands were still holding me firmly against him and his warmth was seeping into me. 
         It just about lulled me to sleep. 
         The urge to lay my head on his shoulder was almost irresistible. Almost.
         "Where did you sleep last night?" He asked.
         I blinked, still lost in him. "Huh?"
          Alarick's arms tightened around me, "Where did you sleep?"
          Oh. Uh oh.
         "Uh- We stopped at a motel."
          His eyes hardened. "You and Nathaniel slept in a motel together?" He asked.
          I scoffed lightly, "Well, yes. But don't make it sound...like that." 
          His eyes were unreadable. After a long gaze, he sighed. Then he turned and pressed his lips to my forehead for a long moment. 
         I leaned into him. Being here, in his arms, against his body, felt both thrilling and peaceful. It felt right.
          Alarick released me and slowly took a step backward. I surprised myself by hesistating to let go of my grip on his sweater. 
          I quickly brought my hands down when I realized it. I also surprised the urge to frown at the sudden lack of warmth from him. 
         "You've spent a lot of time with him." 
         "Dr.Snayers?" I asked.
         "The boy." 
          My brows furrowed, "Oh..Nate?" 
         Alarick folded his arms across his chest and leaned against the table behind him. The scowl on his face was almost undetectable.
         I suddenly had an urge to comfort him.
         "Uh- Yes. He offered to come with me."
         "You didn't ask me."
          I looked at him with wide eyes. "Well...You're the Alpha, Alarick. You couldn't have possibly come with me.." I trailed off.
           He looked away from me and remained silent.
           I held back a gasp.
          Is he..? Is he pouting right now?
          I watched him, slightly amused.
          Okay, not slightly. Very. 
          Ha! He is pouting! An Alpha 
          I turned away from him, hiding a smile. Usually his presence was bold and intense. Now, it was the opposite. He looked like a young boy pouting over a stolen toy.
         "Next time Nate and I go on a trip we'll be sure to invite you.." I tried to speak without him hearing the growing grin in my voice.
         I cleared my throat and bit my lip.
         Don't laugh, Sylvia.
         Goddess above, do not laugh. 
        "I don't want to go on a trip if he's going to be there." Alarick muttered lowly. 
        "Why not?" I asked, still turned away.
        "I just don't want too." He mumbled with a harshness in his voice.
        And my innocent act failed me. A short chuckle broke through my lips and I tried to cover it with a fake cough. 
       In a flash, I could feel him right behind me. His body heat seeping into me. I pressed my lips together tightly and turned around. 
       Alarick eyes gazed down at me, "You think this is funny?" 
       Hearing those words from an Alpha should scare me. But I could see this hidden amusement in his eyes.
        I shook my head and inched away from him with a small smile, "Huh? No...."
        "Oh really?" 
        "Really! It's not funny." 
       I tried hard to not smile. I really tried. 
       Alarick placed both his arms on either side of the table, caging me inside and leaned forward. He had a small smile gracing his lips as well.
      "I thought I heard a laugh from over here." 
      I straightened my back, "Well you should get your ears checked." 
       Alarick raised his eyebrows in surprise as his smile widened, "I should?"
       "You should." I nodded my head, grinning. 
       I was vaguely aware that I hadn't seen him smile like this before. I've seen a few grins and rare smirks. But not a silly smile like this one.
       His smile made me smile.
      The captivating grin slowly dimmed and was replaced with a softer look on his face. His eyes never left mine. 
       Suddenly the air felt heavy around us.
       I watched his eyes dart from my own and down to my lips. His smile slowly left his face while he gazed down at me, slightly inching closer. 
       My heart was galloping as I watched him.
       ...is he..?
       A loud knock sounded throughout the Greenery. My head whipped to the front door and I saw the familiar head of bright orange hair through the side window.
       "It's Olivia!" I said, hurrying to the door.
       I opened it quickly and was immediately assaulted by a small, yet strong body.
       "Sylvia!" My short friend wrapped her arms around me, "What's with the sudden road trip?! You left me alone with Ericks!" 
       I laughed at her whining and looked back at Alarick. He was still standing the same position, watching us with his arms still leaning on the table.
       "Alpha." Olivia greeted him with a downwards head title and smile.
        He nodded his head at her and walked towards the door slowly, "I'll see you two later." He said blankly.
       Olivia nodded and shouted goodbye. "So, how was Evertaye? Did you remember to bring Nate back?"
      I began to fill her in on the short adventure, watching Alarick's retreating back as he left. Eventually our eyes tore from each other's gaze when he closed the door behind him.


Part 40

              Thank you all who comment, vote, and read. With online classes and family situations, I know my updates have been extremely slow. I promise to try to update faster!! :)————————- ————————- ————————- 
     Olivia and I spoke for a long time that night. I missed her! She was envious of my little trip, and repeatedly scolded me throughout the night for not 'dragging her along'. Eventually we made our way back to my house, and our laughter died down.
     "Well, I'm heading out! You coming to the Pack House tonight?" She asked. "There's food. And music." 
      I remembered how it went the last time. The mean girl named Kacey, the strange walk in the woods.
      Not a good idea.
      I shook my head, "Not tonight, I'm pretty tired. But thanks for coming by! I'll see you at the Greenhouse tomorrow." I smiled.
      Olivia waved with her arm in the air dramatically as she left, and hopped out the front door. Her bizarre personality and actions left me smiling to myself. 
      What a weirdo.
      The sun went down quickly as I unpacked my bag. I went through the house, watering my potted plants here and there, putting away books I had brought on the trip, and settling in the for night. The household chores kept my mind off the unanswered questions from the trip.
       A sudden knock at the door snapped me out of my chores.
       I peeked around the corner at the door.
      Did Olivia forget something?
      I sighed, "Come in, Liv!" I called, going back to unpacking my bag.
      The door opened and I heard her footsteps enter behind me slowly. I tossed my shoes to the floor and walked out of the laundry room.
     "Wow. So this is where you live?"
      My head whipped up at the familiar voice.
      "Amala!"
      Her brown curls bounced as she looked at me, smiled, and went back to scanning my living room bookshelf. "Woah, have you read all of these Botany books?"
      My eyes widened. Is she really here?!
      "Y-You.. We were talking! You and I! Yesterday!" I sputtered out my scrambled thoughts.  
       Amala looked at me with a funny face. "Yeah, I know. We were talking yesterday." She laughed lightly. "Good memory."
       "Well- Where'd you go?! And my brothers- How'd you know their names? No wait, wait. How'd you know I was in Evertaye?" I blurted out every single question I could think of.
        She made a confused face, "Didn't we go over this yesterday?"
      "-And the stuff- The stuff about me- How did you know all of that?" I asked her frantically. 
         She watched me with amused eyes. "Well I've been watching you for a while now, so it's pretty easy to gather info on ya." She stated simply, making herself comfortable on the couch.
        I rubbed my head. "Huh?... Watching me?"
        She nodded her head. "Mhm."
        "How do you keep disappearing like that? Wait no- Why are you watching me?" I asked.
        Amala flipped through one of my plant journals. "Ummm...Because you're interesting!" She looked up and smiled brightly. "And we have a lot in common, I think."
       I stared at her, bewildered by her carefree attitude. "I give up trying to understand you." I flopped onto the couch next to her. "I give up." I repeated with a sigh. 
        She laughed, "That's not the first time someone has said that to me."
        I sat in silence next to her, feeling emotionally exhausted already. She's probably going to disappear any moment like she always does anyway....
        Might as well ask some bizarre questions.
        "Amala?" I asked.
        "Hm?" She flipped through the pages loudly.
        "Have you ever heard of the Elementals? Like the children's story?" 
         From the corner of my eye, I saw her quickly look up at me. She was quiet for a moment, "Yeah."
        "Hm." I hummed, thinking of my next question. "Do you think they ever actually had those powers? From the stories?" I asked.
         I felt the couch move as she leaned further back. "...Yeah, I believe it."
          I looked over to her, "Seriously?".
          "Mhm."
          "Huh." I replied, perplexed.
          "Why do you ask? About Elementals?"
          I sighed. Might as well vent to someone. Why not the stranger who's been following me in the woods?
          "Lots of confusing things have been happening since I came here. I keep hearing this voice in my head.. Which kind of sounds like you!" I laughed at myself. "....And have been having some really weird dreams. And- And even with my plants. Sometimes I think they.... I think they move or grow instantly or something." I rambled in a tired voice. 
         I scoffed at looked over to her, "I even went as far as to seek out a Plant Experts opinion." I turned to her, "-but you already know that. Yesterday, in Evertaye."
        Amala nodded her head and surprised me with her focused facial expression. "And what did Snayers say to you?"
        I wasn't even surprised that she already knew his name. I remeber her saying it yesterday too, before I had even told her. "He thinks I'm an elemental." I told her.
        She didn't laugh like I thought she would. 
        Instead, she shot back, "Are you?"
        "...Huh?" 
        "Well are you? An elemental?"
        Now I laughed. "Im being serious, Amala."
        She stood up, "Come on."
        I watched her walk right out of the front door and into the cold night. "Wai- Hold on!", I called after her.
        Grabbing a coat, I quickly followed her into the dark yard. "What the hell?"
        She turned to face me, now walking backwards towards the woods. "Let's try something out! I'm curious!" She grinned. "And getting bored."
        I rushed to catch up with her. 
        We walked into the woods, both unbothered by the night. As usual, my annoyance towards Amala dimmed when I found myself surrounded by nature. It's immediate effect on me calmed my emotions, just like it always does.
        Stepping over a log, I asked again. "What are we trying out?"
        "You said your plants move and that guy thinks your an elemental, right?" She asked.   
         I straightened my back. "Well... I guess."
        "And some of the elementals can control nature, right?" She asked again.
        I blinked. "What?"
        Her brown head turned back to look at me. "Remember? They have powers."
        I stared at her, still trudging through the branches and vines around us. "Oh. Yeah, I guess they did in those old children's stories."
        Amala laughed at that, "Right."
        She stood at the bottom of a large, thick tree, looking up. Her brown eyes locked onto me with a wicked grin. "You like climbing trees?"
       I stared at her, and then the tree. A smile creeped onto my face. "Of course, I do."
       We both grabbed onto the thick branches and pulled ourselves up, higher and higher. I didn't even notice the smile stuck on my face as we climbed up the strong branches.
         Finally, Amala settled herself onto a massive branch, dangling her legs on either side of it. "Come sit!" She called.
         I carefully made my way over to her, happily breathing in the earthy smell as I went. I swung my legs around the branch, like she had.
          "I still don't know what we're doing." I said.
          "I'm testing you, young Sylvia." She smiled a mischievous grin.
          "On what?" I sighed. " No the whole elemental thing again."
          "Yep! Okay, you say you have no answers. So let's find some, shall we?" She gleamed.
          I smiled back at her hesitantly. Amala's carefree and reckless spirit was wearing off on me. Part of me felt intrigued at her bizarre ideas. 
          "See how there are no other branches under us?" She asked, looking down. 
           I nodded, "Yeah. We're... really high up."
          "Nothing to hold onto beneath us, huh?" 
           "...Yeah..?" I trailed off.
           "Okay!" She sat up. "Remember when we were in the woods?"
           I scowled at her, "Which time?"
           "The time you were visiting your home pack, Blackwater! Remember? You climbed that tree and then fell." She said.
          I thought for a moment. "Oh." I  muttered. "...Yeah, I remember that."
          "Remember how you fell?"
           The scene came back to me quickly. "Yeah, I do. I tried to jump to another branch and slipped. An- And then I caught myself on another."
         "That other branch though, the one that saved you - Was it there when you fell?" 
          I stared at her, shocked. "How'd you know about that?" 
           I  never told anyone about that because I was sure it had just been my imagination. When I thought that the branch had moved. 
          Amala smiled, "I was there! Remember?"
          I held to the branch tighter, slowly following her train of thought. "What are you thinking, Amala?   Wait- That wasn't because of me. I didn't move-"
          "Then how did it move?"
           I stared at her, bewildered.
          "It didn't move, I just didn't notice it being there beforehand!" I defended.
           "Sylvia, I was there. I saw it move. And I know you made it move." She said flatly.
           I shook my head. "No, I didn't. I didn't do anything! I was just climbing-"
           "-You were climbing and you fell! So you used your powers and caught yourself!" Amala said accusingly. 
            "Wha- What? Powers?" My heart was thumping out of my chest. "No, don't be-"
           "Oh come on, Sylvia!" She raised her voice.
            "I want to climb down, this is-"
            "You made it move!" She exclaimed.
            "I did not! You're being ridiculous!"
            "You made it move to save yourself!"
            "No. I. Didn-"
            My sentence was cut off. 
           Amala's hand darted out in a flash, swiftly pushing me off the branch I was sitting on.


Part 41

       Amala's hand darted out in a flash, shoving me off the branch I was sitting on. 
       My weight shifted and I immediately fell backward. I felt my stomach drop and my loose hair whip around my face. 
       Seconds passed and before I could even let out a scream, my back slammed into a hard surface.
        I gasped and opened my eyes. Pain rolled in waves through my back. I felt my unbalanced weight wobble again, unsteady on the surface beneath me. I frantically wrapped my arms around cold bark, steadying myself.
        "Wow!" Loud laughter filled my ringing ears. 
        "Ah, look at that Sylvie! Ya did it again!" Amala's voice became clearer in my foggy head.
         I focused on trying to catch my breath as I clung to the branch. 
          Branch?
          I looked down. 
          Yep, branch.
          "Hey, answer me so I know you aren't dead!" Amala's voice echoed down from where she sat on the higher branch above me. 
           Am I dead?
          I feel like I'm dead.
           "Sylvia?"
           "You..." I panted out, and winched at the pain in my back. "Y-You pushed me!"
            I saw her head poke out and peek down at me from high above. Her eyes darted all over me, assessing before she grinned widely.
           "You..! You actually pushed me!" I yelled, or more like wheezed out.
            Amala had a small smile on her face, "Look! You moved the tree again."
            I blinked and stared up at her.
            There was no denying it this time. We had both seen beforehand how there were no branches beneath us. We checked. 
            Amala was right. But was it really me?
           "I... no, I.." I struggled to find words.
            Amala began to slowly climb down to where I sat, still clinging to the cold branch. She settled herself down next to me.
            "But I didn't do anything. Really. I wasn't even thinking." I said quietly, looking down at the branch under me. 
            She nodded her head. "Maybe there's no thinking involved."
            I turned to look at her. My heart was still pounding in my chest from the terrifying fall. Now it was pounding from the revealing aftermath. "Why aren't you freaked out by all of this?"
            "I know a lot about Elementals." She said.
            Silence surrounded us as I continued to try to catch my breath.
            "Y...You really do believe that I am one..?"
            Amala nodded, "Mhm. Well, actually I know that you are one."
             My lungs burned from panting in the freezing cold air around us, "...How?"
             Loud rustling in the twigs and brush caught my attention. The moonlight illuminated the woods, revealing a far off figure approaching us from between the trees.
             "Sylvia?" His voice carried out. 
              My eyes widened in realization and my chest tightened at the sight of him. I snapped my head back to where Amala sat. 
              The space was now empty, as expected.
              "Sylvia!"
              My hands tighten around the branch I sat on, looking down as Alarick came closer. Now my heart was beating out of my chest for another reason! Dear Goddess, I'm going to have a heart attack.
             I'm going to have a heart attack in a tree.
             I watched him scan the dark forest hurriedly, head darting around. 
             "Ah- Uh, up here." I called to him.
            His fast pace slowed to a stop before his eyes finally locked onto me. They widened in alarm.
            "Come down." He said.
            My heart fluttered at his voice. 
            I didn't want to come down. Maybe if I shoo him away, Amala will come back. Then we could talk more about... this.
            "No...I'm okay." I replied.
            For a moment he just stared at me. "Sylvia, that's way too high. Please come down now, ok?"
             Go away Alarick!
            "No, no thank you." I told him sweetly.
            He took a step closer to the base of the tree. "Sylvia." He repeated in a sweet voice as well. "You promised me you wouldn't wander around the woods alone."
             "True, but I'm in the middle of something." I replied, looking around.
             His hand gripped the tree, head gazing up at me. "I'm not going to leave you 20 feet high in a tree in the middle of the night. In winter." He added.
            Fart.
            I scanned the woods around me. I supposed he has a point, this isn't the most natural scene. And who am I kidding? Amala won't return until she wants too anyways.
           I was hesitant to leave the tree. She'll probably come back, I reassured myself. She always comes back.
          The sound of scraping tree bark caught my attention. I looked down to see Alarick's form climbing up towards me.
         "Wha- Wait!" I called. "I'm coming down!"
         He paused on a low branch and looked at me, eyes shining in the dark. Then he slowly went back down to the forest floor, allowing me room to descend.
          I took my time in climbing down, still feeling random pangs of pain shoot through my back. She really couldn't have just given me a gentle push..? Why'd she have to freaking slam me-
       Warm hands gripped my hips, almost canceling out the pain instantly. I gasped and looked down at him. "I-It's okay, I got it."
       "You're shaking." He said.
       Am I? I glanced at my legs, that were in fact shivering. From the cold or the life-threatening fall? Or the Alpha staring me down? 
        "No- No I'm fin-"
        "Please." He cut me off, arms still out stretched towards me. 
        I stared down at his expectant facial expression. How could I deny him? I was quiet for a moment before nodding my head hesitantly. 
        Alarick scooped me into his arms as soon as I nodded.
        "Goddess, Sylvia. You're freezing." His hot breath hit my ear and I shivered. It felt like instant relief, being in his arms. 
         I almost felt ashamed of the butterflies flooding my gut. I should be more focused on what had just happened with Amala.
          I mean, what had just happened?
          The tree, that branch moved. There's no denying it. Both of us had been on a high, lonely branch with no other ones around. It simply wasn't there before. 
         So, did I really move it?
         Am I really stupid enough to call it just another coincidence?
         The evidence was against me, and now two different people supported this Elemental theory. Do I support the theory now too?
         I mentally shook my head. Later, I'll think about all this later. When I zoned back into reality and out of my twisting and turning thoughts, I was met with his analyzing eyes.
          He stared down at me as we made our way back to the guest house. His hazel eyes burned into my own, like he was reading my inner thoughts. Still pressed to his chest, it was hard to look away from his stare.
         Eventually we entered the small house, and he closed the door behind us. Placing me on the couch softly, I watched him drape a cotton blanket over my shoulders. Alarick knelt right in front of me at eye level. Nervousness filled my chest at his closeness.
          He rested one arm along side my thigh on the couch and the other rested on my knee. "Why were you outside?"
          "...Uh... Um, I was out walking." Not technically a lie.
          "Why were you in a tree?"
          "I like to climb trees." Also not a lie, right?
          "Why were you so out of breath?"
          "You saw how high I was. It was a long climb."
           "Who were you talking to?" He asked.
           I hesitated. He heard me and Amala speaking...?
           "...No one." I replied hesitantly.
           "I heard your voice." He said. 
           I didn't know what to say. I didn't want to lie but how could I tell the truth?
           Alarick closed his eyes for a moment and sighed. "Sylvia. Please." He muttered.
          I was quiet while I watched him. He hung his head above my lap, forehead barely touching the top of my thighs. I fought the urge to lay my hand on his head, to comfort him.
          "It's nothing..." I muttered defeatedly. I felt guilty knowing my lies were upsetting him. But what could I do? Tell him I've befriended a strange girl in the woods who magically appears at random times? Oh, she also thinks I'm an elemental. You know, the ones from the children's stories we had just talked about the other night.
      He wouldn't understand. Goddess above, I don't even understand!
           "I need you to be honest with me." He spoke into my lap. 
           "I don't have a lot of real answers, Alarick." I replied quietly. At least that was the honest truth.
            I felt him sigh against my the tops of my thighs, his head still hung down.  He looked frustrated and tired. Because of me? But telling him the truth, all of it, wouldn't that just drag him into my problems?
            I tried to change the subject.
            "Did you eat dinner at the Pac-"
            "I know you are withholding things from me." He said. "I don't know what, but I know you're hiding something Sylvia."
            He looked up to me with a serious expression. It almost looked pleading. "I'm just trying to keep you safe here. Help me keep you safe."
           My heart leapt at his words. His beautiful face gazed up at me, so close to mine. The expression he wore was blank yet emotional.
           "You don't have to keep me safe."
          "Yes I do." He retorted back.
           I straightened my back, "I can take care of-"
          "I just found you lost in the woods, Sylvia!" He stood up and began to pace.
           I stood to my feet as well, "I wasn't lost! You don't need to watch over me!"
           "Finding you in that tree is a perfect reason they need me to watch over you!" He exclaimed.
           "My brothers? Oh please! I don't-"
           "No! You know they're not contactable right now. What if you had fallen-"
           "That's...!" I hesitated for a moment, watching him. "....What?"
           "What if you fell-"
           "N-no... the other part. If it wasn't my brothers, then who?" I asked him. 
           He slowed his pacing to a stop and stood in front of me, "What?"
           "You said 'they' need you to watch over me.. And not meaning my brothers. Who's 'they'?" I asked slowly.
           "What? No, I just need to keep you safe." He tried to clarify.
          "Yeah I heard that." I snapped harshly, growing frustrated at his lack of answers. "Who is 'they'?"
           His eyes hardened and the irritated look left his face. He reached for my hand.
           I tugged my hand but his hold was firm, "Why aren't you answering me? Who's 'they'?" I asked him again.
           "I misspoke." He said in a low voice. 
           I looked back to him, "Don't say that. You were just lecturing me on honesty, Alarick."
           His eyes burned into my own, almost telling me how bad he had just messed up. Nervousness bubbled in my chest at the sudden seriousness.
            "Why did you say 'they'?" I asked again.
            I watched him run his hand through his hair before quickly regaining his blank expression. "We've already talked about it, Sylvia. How we want you safe and how my pack, you being here with us, this is the best option." 
           He ran his thumb over my hand as he spoke. "....Who.. Who aside from my family is asking you to keep me safe..?" I asked.
          I could tell he was choosing his words carefully, "There are many people who want you to be protected."
          "You're dodging my question." I shot.
          He looked away from me, still clinging to my hand. Surprise filled my chest at his revealing actions. "You're not going to tell me." I muttered.
          He didn't look at me and instead held both my hands in his own. Caressing, interlocking fingers, as if trying to comfort me.
           I took a few deep breaths and scoffed, pulling away from his hands. "You.. You sit here and you scold me on holding things back from you, all the while you're doing to same to me! You're.. You're a hypocrite."
          He stood there stiffly, unmoving. Face blank and eyes calculating. "We're both not telling each other certain-"
           "But the stuff I'm not telling you doesn't concern your safety, Alarick. Yeah, I keep secrets. But they're not about you." I exclaimed.
          His eyes softened. Again, he reached out for me, wanting to pull me close. But I knew the tingles would just distract me from reality. And I didn't want that, not now at least.
          "No." I muttered and backed away. 
          "Sylvia-"
          "No!" I said louder. Angry tears pricked in my eyes and I turned away from him. My emotions were out of control and my annoyance towards him was growing. Whenever Alarick was around, everything felt... bigger. Too big. 
         "I'm going to bed. I.. I'm too tired for this right now.". With that, I went up the stairs and into my room.


Part 42

       I was feeling a lot. I felt guilt for being so mad at Alarick and his secret. Who am I to be angry at him for being secretive? All I have is secrets. 
       My growing suspicions of Beta Thomas, Dr. Snayers little theory, Leo's disturbing change in character, Amala, and now... now these... abilities? Is that what I should call it?
       I was regretting how I had snapped at him. 
       I also felt fear. Fear of the unknown. What is this connection I have with plants? I always thought it was my passion, a calling even. But now, could it be something more? Nature and plants usually bring me nothing but joy. Now, I'm hesitant towards them, cautious even.
        Lastly, I felt foolish. Am I seriously entertaining this idea that I'm an elemental? The same magical little Elemental beings from the old children's book and nursery rhymes? But with the obvious growing evidence, am I seriously denying it?
         I recalled Alarick telling me that they really did once exist, powers and all. But still, it was hard to believe.
         And where the hell are my brothers?!
         My head began to pound and I groaned in frustration. I was too harsh to Alarick, the feeling of regret I couldn't shake. I hate feeling upset towards him, even when he deserves it. But my question for him still remains, if not my family, then who else is asking him to keep me safe..? 
         And why can't he tell me?
          My mind shifted topics on its own accord. The woods earlier this evening, with Amala. The tall tree. The moving branch. Could it be true? 
          I flopped onto my bed and thought. Weeks ago, in the car crash with my brothers, I was holding little seeds that seemingly burst to life in my hand... Then less than a week later, I cut my hand on Ericks's toolbox. The blood splashed on the soil below, and I watched new stems rise from the soil... Today, when I fell, or was rudely shoved off the branch, another one moved to catch me...
          I sat up stiffly. All those times... They all happened during intense moments. The car crash, the bloody gash, the terrifying fall. Could that be the connection..? That all these moments were rushes of adrenaline?
          A hard knock from downstairs snapped me out of my spiraling thoughts. Alarick?
          I practically leapt out of bed, eager to see him. I wanted to apologize for my burst of anger. I still felt frustrated that he wouldn't tell me, but I knew my actions earlier were rude. 
          I hopped down the stairs and stopped when I saw a man entering.
          A short man. 
         A short bald man.
         Thomas.
          His famous unnerving smile crept onto his face when he saw me, "Miss Sylvia! I'm sorry dear, the door was already unlocked. You don't mind, do you?"
          I thought I heard Alarick lock it..?
          I watched him close the front door behind him and step further inside, looking around. "So you went on a little adventure this week, huh? Evertaye, was it?"
          I nodded and tried to hide my distaste for the man as he lowered himself onto the couch.
        "Yeah. Yes, Nate and I went to visit." I gave him a small smile.
          Thomas nodded back, "Ah. And what inspired this road trip? Must have been quite the jounrey." He smiled.
           "I had some Botany questions and wanted a professional's opinion. They have a Pack member there who's very intelligent when it comes to plants." I explained.
            Thomas's eyes followed me as I sat on the opposite couch of him. "How nice." He sat up straight. "Did you see any friends?"
          I wanted to roll my eyes but smiled instead. "No, not on this trip."
          He grinned. "Oh! Yes, I forgot. I found this in the woods a few days ago."
          Thomas pulled my old phone from his pocket. "This couldn't be yours, now could it?"
           I tried to mask my shock.
          That's the phone... The one I was convinced that he had taken.
           I leaned towards him, "...That is. Wow, it's been missing for almost a week now."
           His hand was cold against mine as he placed it in my own. "Well it's a good thing I found-"
         "Alarick gave me a replacement." I told him.
         For a second, his smile slipped. 
         Just a second.
        He recovered quickly, flashing his white teeth in a charming grin, "Oh. How kind of him." Thomas replied.
         I nodded and smiled politely. "But thank you, for returning this one."
          He leaned back, "Always need a backup, no? Goddess forbid something should happen."
          I let out a nervous laugh, "True."
          "Do you mind if I swipe a glass of water?" Thomas asked me as he stood.
          "Oh. Yes. Sure, glasses are back over there in the cabinet."
          He left the room and I glanced at the clock. 
          12:19 AM
          I sighed. One would think I'd be used to Werewolves little need for sleep by now. But even so, why is Thomas here this late...? 
           What does he want?
           I'm too tired for this.
           He entered the room again carrying two glasses. I watched him set one down in front of me.
           "Can't forget you as well." He smiled.
           "Ah, thanks."
           " I trust Nate kept you safe on the journey." Thomas said as he took a sip.  
            I nodded my head and picked up my glass, "Of course. I'm glad he tagged along, the driving would have been a pain alone."
            He let out a strained laugh. "Yes, yes. Now did you two stop by Blackwater?"
            I fiddled with the glass. "No. No, not this time. Maybe another." I grinned.
            He was silent for a moment as he watched me.  I noticed his eyes dart from me to my glass. "Don't you miss you family?" He asked.
           I looked up, surprised at the question. "Of course. Just- It wasn't the time." I cleared my throat awkwardly.
          Thomas nodded his head as he gazed at the ground. "You didn't want to see them? Your brothers."
         My eyes hardened at the topic. Last Thomas spoke of my brothers was in the green house, when he cruelly reminded me of their  less than loving actions lately.
         "I did- I don't want to talk about them." I shifted off the subject quickly.
          He brought his eyes to my own and glanced down to the drink in my hand again. 
          "It's okay to be angry, dear Sylvia. How could you not? They sent you here and won't welcome you back home. I can't imagine your pain." He continued on.
          I shook my head, "You're wrong. I am welcomed home."
          He leaned back in his seat. "Perhaps they simply do not know what's best for you. They are young, after all. The same as you."
          My brows furrowed, "I don't know what your fascination is with my relationship with my brothers. You keep bringing them up."
          I looked up and was surprised. Thomas's face held a sad smile, almost one of regret. "I just want you safe, Sylvia. That's what we all want."
        I thought of Alarick and I's earlier conversation with the same topic.
        Why does everyone keep saying that to me...?
         I stared back. "Of course. I'd like to be safe too. Who wouldn't?"
         Thomas leaned in slowly, "Some ideas of safety is strikingly different than others. But the end goal is the same. Protection, no?"
         My initial nervousness doubled. 
        Thomas stood slowly.
        What the hell is he talking about?
          "We all want you protected. Some may just have different ideas on how to go about it." He said softly, as if to a child.
           He took a few small steps closer to me.
          I stood quickly as well, "I-I don't know what you're on about, but-
           The front door suddenly burst into flying pieces of wood, with an ear-splitting series of loud cracks. 
            Dust and debris floated in the air, revealing a massive brown wolf standing in the now empty doorway. The beast barred it's wet dripping fangs at the two of us with a vicious snarl that shook the walls.
            No, at Thomas. 
           Why just at Thomas..?
            I backed away in shock, watching the enraged creature eye down Thomas and enter the house slowly, stalking closer. His eyes were black and his fur stood on edge. It's giant claws left cuts in the wooden floors as it crept towards him.
            The continuous growls coming from it were so loud and thunderous, I felt it in the floor. I felt it inside my chest. 
           Panic filled me as I took another step back. 
           Thomas stood there, feet still frozen to his spot as he raised a hand in the air, "Alp-"
            I screamed as the massive beast pounced onto the Beta in a flash, tackling him to the floor with a bone-chilling snap.
           Thomas shifted immediately. 
           It was chaos. The two wolves snarled at each other so loud, I couldn't hear myself think. Fur, shreds of clothing, and debris scattered the destroyed floor.
           Vicious barks and deafening growls filled the small house, and furniture was violently tossed about. I watched in horror as the larger brown wolf bit down onto Thomas's fur, and shook his jaws back and forth as he howled. 
           "Goddess!" I cried out again when two bookshelves crashed onto the floor from the bloody fight.
           I ducked down, tucking my head into my knees as the large mirror next to me crashed to the ground, shattering with force. 
           The glass splashed onto my bare arms, but the pain was the least of my concern. Growing up with wolves, I had seen many fights. Older males getting too dominant, young females determined to win an argument. These animalistic fights happened all the time. But never a completely out of control one like this, never an indoor surprise attack.
            This wolf wanted Thomas's life. 
            He was going to kill him.
            The pure rage radiating off of him was petrifying. His blood thirst was obvious.
            I forced myself to peek from my shielding arms to see what was happening. Dark red blood covered the floor in chunks of fur and flesh. The smaller black wolf, Thomas, was howling in agony, pinned underneath the brown creature. 
             The large animal crushed its jaws onto his arm, earning a blood curdling howl from Thomas and a loud snap of his bone. 
             Suddenly, he shifted.
             I gasped in horror. To shift in the middle of a fight is to basically accept death. 
             His face was deathly pale, "You-! You're t-! Terrifying h..er!" He gargled out blood and spit as he chocked on the words.
              The wolf crushing him paused his attack for a moment. His snarls quieted and he released the mangled arm in his mouth. Then his head suddenly snapped to me. 
              I gasped loudly and still on the floor, scrambled backward with my feet, hitting the corner of the wall.
             Was I next?
             Knowing I had no where to run, and no chance to escape, I squeezed my tear-filled eyes shut and prayed for it to be a quick death. 
              Let it be quick.
              It went quiet. 
              All I could hear was my labored breathing, and the sound of Thomas choking on his blood. 
              And foot steps. 
              I couldn't bring myself to open my eyes, and whimpered when I felt a hot, panting breath on my face. Goddess, please.
            I thought of Alarick. 
           "G- Get back! Back.. from h-er!" Thomas demanded from the floor. 
            When a wet nose touched my arm, I let out a pathetic noise of fear, a cry. I opened my lowered eyes to see the massive paws of the wolf directly in front of me.
              Thomas rose to his feet, slumped against the wall across from me, holding his bloodied stomach and letting his torn apart arm hang limp. He watched the two of us for a moment with assessing eyes, before quickly stumbling out of the doorway. 
            He left. 
            I still couldn't look the creature in the eye. 
            It lowered itself to the floor in front of me, paws touching my feet. 
            The house was deathly quiet now and I was struggling to control my erotic breathing. The threat was still here, but not attacking me.
           Why...?
            It took everything in me to raise my eyes to its face. All of the pure rage, the fury and anger was gone from the wolf's eyes. Instead, they were wide and focused. 
           I gasped when the creature lowered it's huge head to my feet and twisted it to the side, presenting me with its bare neck. 
          Submission. 
          The scene in front of me was almost laughable. A massive bloody wolf, that had just nearly torn Thomas apart limb from limb, laid down in front of me, submitting. To a human.
           I sniffed and blinked away the water in my eyes. Wiping my face, I slowly struggled to stand on shaking legs. When I did, the wolf stood too. I backed away, loudly stepping onto the broken glass. 
          "W-Who are yo-ou?" I trembled, unsure if I were it's prey or not.
           The wolf locked eyes with my and took a few slow steps backward. 
           Then it shifted to it's human form.


Part 43

         I let out a strange noise of disbelief when the wolf shifted in front of me. 
         He stared at me for a long silent moment with wide familiar eyes. Slowly, he raised a bloodied hand out into the large distance between us. I flinched, bumping into the counter behind me. 
         He winced at my action.
          "Please." He whispered to me quietly. 
          I shook my head frantically, eyes wide in shock at the man in front of me, "Y..You..! You just tried to kill him!" 
          He took a small step forward, still reaching out to me. I had never heard him speak so softly, "Sylvia, you don't kno-"
           "G-Go away Alarick!" I yelled. 
           He visibly winced again at my words, "I won't."
           A sudden  sob broke through my lips before I could swallow it. My legs still shook under me, and I held onto the counter for support.
           Alarick's face looked distraught as he slowly inched closer to me. "Please come to me."
          "N-No! No, get out!" I yelled. 
          "Sylvia-"
          "We were just tal-talking! And you- You just..!" I couldn't finished my sentence fully, still shaken up. I looked to the open doorway, where Alarick had burst in. Then I glanced down at all of the blood and fur covering the floor. 
         The desperate screams rang out in my head, his bone snapping, and I felt like I couldn't breath properly.
          Less than a minute ago I accepted death.
          I really thought I was going to die. 
         I was ready, I thought he was going to kill me.
        Where's Thomas?
         Did he make it to the infirmary?
         I hate him but I don't want him dead!
          While I lost myself in those thoughts, Alarick had pulled on a pair of shorts, and was coming closer to the corner I had backed into. He had now two messy hands reaching out to me. 
         I realized this, "No..! No, don't touch me." I snapped at him, struggling to get a full breath of air in my lungs.
         He was already right in front of me at this point, half naked and covered in blood and scratches. When he raised a hand towards me, I angrily shoved at his bare chest. 
           Which did literally nothing. 
          Ignoring my violent pushes, Alarick quickly wrapped him arms around me, pulling my form against his own. "I know... I'm sorry." He whispered quietly into my ear. 
          As soon as he touched me, all my defiance left. Usually the intense comfort I felt around him was confusing, but in this moment I needed it. As much as I hated to admit it, I was scared. 
        I melted into his touch immediately, leaning in closer. Alarick noticed this and his arms tightened. I clung to him, knowing his touch would push out the building panic.
         I tried to quiet the little sobs coming from my throat, but couldn't. He held my head tucked in his shoulder, whispering to me as I tried to get a grip on myself.
        "I'm so sorry, my love." His hot breath hit my neck as he pleaded with me. "...so sorry..."
        I could barely listen as I was still processing what in the hell had just happened. 
        Alarick just tried to kill his Beta.
       Fifteen minutes later, Alarick still held me. I was curled in his lap, my arms still tightly locked around his neck. He caressed my hair in a slow motion, every once in a while kissing the side of my head. 
       I felt shame for the butterflies in my gut and sweet tingles on my skin.
       Blushing like a school girl, as if I didn't just watch an attempt at murder.
       "You're okay." His voice was low and quiet, soothing in my ear. 
      "Do you want to sit up?" He whispered to me. 
         For a second I didn't answer him, not wanting to lose the comfort I was receiving. The panic attack was long gone, and now I was just enjoying the feeling of him. As much as I didn't want to move, I knew we couldn't stay on the floor forever. 
          I nodded my head. 
          Alarick's thick arms moved me so that I was sitting in between his legs now, facing him. He leaned down to look me in the eyes.
         His face was so much softer than normal, his eyebrows un-furrowed and mouth parted.
         "I scared you." He said lowly. 
         Part of me wanted to sucker punch him.
        But I should not do that. 
         Instead I nodded.
         His eyes bore into my own, as if looking for something. Then his arms suddenly went around me again, pulling me right back into my earlier position against his chest.
         "Y-You just asked me to sit up." I told him.   
          He quietly whispered back to me, "I changed my mind.". 
          I almost smiled at that. 
          I closed my eyes and listened to his breathing. Focused on the warmth, the rhythm, and crazy tingles I felt. I was done freaking out, but I didn't want him to let me go. 
         "You tried to kill Thomas." I whispered into the material of his shirt.
          Alarick tightened his hold on me. "...Yes.." 
          I was surprised at his honestly. 
          Slowly, I pulled away to sit up. He kept a tight grip on my arms, not letting me get too far. 
          I looked him in the eyes now. "Why?....Why did you do that?"
          His beautiful eyes bore into my own. I watched him reach towards my face and trace my cheek, slowly planting his warm hand there. "He was going to hurt you."
          I furrowed my brows and leaned into his touch. "No.. No we were having a conversation. You..You acted too fast. You didn't stop to see..." I trailed off.
           Alarick nodded, showing me that he was listening. "I had reason to believe he was hurting you."
          I stared at him. A million burning questions filled my head, but I couldn't bring myself to voice them. At least not right now. Now, I was exhausted. No, I was more than exhausted, I was emotionally drained.
          The adrenaline was wearing off and I felt it.
          I sighed heavily and hung my head slightly. "...I.. I need to go to bed." I said as I stood. 
          Alarick slowly let me go as I stood up, and then he rose beside me. He watched me as I took in the scene around us.
          Broken glass, smashed chairs. And blood, so much blood. In puddles and smeared on the furniture. The images of Alarick's raw wrath flashed in my mind and I shuddered. 
           I leaned down to pick up the torn pillows.
           "No, Sylvia." He stopped me with a soft voice. I turned to him and saw his eyes lowered to my feet.
           I turned back around to the mess, "I can't sleep here with.. with all of this still-"
           "You won't. Let me help you." 
           He took intentionally slow steps in my direction, and leaned down to scoop me up. I was surprised, but didn't question him.
            Alarick turned off the lights and carried me out of the house and down the narrow path along the woods. I closed my eyes and turned my head inward, stealing the warmth from his body. Eventually we approached a house, one that looked somewhat similar to the one I had been staying in. 
            He opened the door with keys and shut it behind us. Turning on a few lights, Alarick set me down on the counter, near the kitchen sink. I watched him, intrigued by his actions. I didn't bother asking and quietly observed. 
           I wasn't in the mood to talk anyways.
           Alarick didn't seem like it either.
           He turned on the water and tested the temperature with his hand. He looked to me carefully before grasping one of my bare feet in his hand. I inhaled sharply.
            "This will sting, my love."
             My heart fluttered at the nickname. It felt like one of us had finally addressed the... fondness we had for each other. 
              And sting it did. 
             I bit my tongue when Alarick gently placed my feet in the warm water of the sink. The liquid turned a light pink as the dried blood washed off. I leaned in closer, even more confused.
             His face was just inches from my own when he turned to look at me, "From the glass." He explained quietly.
             When his breath fanned against my face, I struggled to think clearly. But his words made me think back to what had happened. 
              I remembered. The mirror fell. And backing away from him, I stepped onto it. The thought made me look to my arms, where Alarick was already examining. He used a wet cloth to wipe away the small pieces of glass from my reddened skin. 
              For a while I zoned out. I was so tired, and couldn't stop replaying the earlier events in my head.  The confusing words Thomas was saying, the fear I felt when Alarick attacked him, the relief when I realized it was him. 
             Suddenly, I was struggling to keep myself awake.
            "Alarick." I murmured.
            His hands froze on my feet and I watched him raise his vivid eyes to my own, slowly. 
             My heart jumped a little.
            "I'm tired..." I said. He stared at me for a minute before resting a hand on my knee. 
             "Okay." 
             I watched him silently as he dried my feet and pulled the drain in the sink. Before I could hop down myself, he lifted me up to his chest once again. I instantly leaned my head against him, fighting the incoming sleep as we went upstairs. 
             Alarick opened a door that led to a grey themed room. I would have observed more, but my battle with sleep was coming to an end. He laid me down on the large bed in the middle of the room and tucked the blankets in around me. 
             I just vaguely remember hearing the click of the lights and the rustling of blankets. But I do remember feeling his lips on my head, right before I drifted off.
             Hours later, I jolted awake suddenly. Sitting up, I quickly looked around the unfamiliar room. It took me a few moments for the memories of last night to come flooding back.
            This is Alarick's room.
            He tried to kill Thomas last night.
            No, He almost killed Thomas last night. 
            I replayed the scenes in my head, recalling the pleading howls of pains that echoed throughout the house. I remembered thinking I was next. And accepting it. 
            And I remembered the strange relief I felt when the beast turned out to be Alarick. 
           Alarick. 
           I glanced down at my feet. They were fine, aside from a few painful red cuts here and there. The same could be said for my arms.
            I rubbed the sleep from my face and left the bed, heading to the restroom. I spent awhile in there, taking my time in gathering my thoughts. And using Alarick's comb.
             Quietly walking down the stairs, I peeked around the house. Last night it was too dark and I was too tired to really see much of anything. It was tidy and clean everywhere I looked. The place was neat yet empty, kind like one of those display-model homes.
           I crept down the stairs and found the kitchen. On the counter, was my forgotten zip up jacket I had been previously wearing. I grabbed the material and walked to the door. 
           "Sylvia?" 
           "Ah!" I exclaimed.   
           Alarick stood in the living room, placing his book down in the chair behind him. 
           "G-Goddess.." I muttered, holding my chest.
           "I was waiting for you." He explained, taking a few steps closer to where I stood.
           I nodded my head and looked around.
           For a long moment we didn't speak. 
           What do I say?
           Thanks for not killing me last night?
          How do you get blood out of carpet?
          Flashes of last night filled my head again. How he held me so close to him, his warm hands caressing my hair, my back. I felt my cheeks redden at the memories. 
           Alarick broke the silence.
          "I'm sorry I scared you last night." 
           His monotone voice held no emotion in it, but I knew that he meant his words. "I... I didn't realize you were in the room. I was.." he hesitated, "-distracted."
            I nodded again, looking anywhere but at him.
            "We..." I cleared my throat, "We should talk later today. I have a lot of questions."
             He nodded his head in agreement.
             "Anything."
              I mustered up a small grin and walked to the front door and turned back to him, "Can we discuss it tonight?"
             Alarick followed to where I stood and nodded again. Stepping even closer, he gazed down at me with a faraway expression on his face. He was so close, I almost reached out to feel his cheek.
              I mentally slapped myself.
              Control yourself woman.
              Ripping my stare from his, I turned back to the door and opened it. I stepped out into the icy morning air and pulled on my cardigan. 
              "Thank you. Again." I said to Alarick.
               He stood in the doorway, eyes locked on my form, and watched me go down the path leading to my house. I didn't wait for a response from him because I knew he probably wasn't going to give one. 
              Weird Werewolf.


Part 44

• • • Remember to vote and comment! I truly enjoy reading your all's thoughts on each chapter, and seeing what you think will happen next! :]
———————————————————————————
           Stepping into my guest house after last night was like stepping into the Twilight Zone. The little splatters of blood and chunks of fur were gone, the smashed chairs replaced. 
         Even the poor carpet was back to its Snow White color. It looked like nothing had happened at all, like it was all just a horrible dream.
          I'm sure Alarick was somehow involved in the mysterious clean up.
          I decided not to dwell on it.
          Upstairs, I cleaned up and got ready for the day on autopilot. I didn't allow myself time to stop and think about last night, about the sweet moments and the terrifying ones. I'd get those answers later on tonight from Alarick.
         Instead, I let my excitement grow as I left the house, which had a new door, and headed to the Greenhouse. It had only been about 3 days away and I missed the plants. And Ericks.
          Mostly the plants.
          I anxiously unlocked the door and entered, looking for the familiar friendly face. 
         "Ericks?" I called.
          As usual, a head popped out from behind one of the many shelving units.
         "Sylvia! You're back!"
         I smiled and hugged my friend, "I am. How is everything? Was leaving the Greenhouses to you too much?"
          He shook his head, "No way. Easy peasy. Believe it or not, Olivia is quite the helper."
         I grinned and set down my bag, "She loves this place. Even if she'll never admit it."
         He cackled at that.
         I decided not to tell Ericks what took place  the previous night. Ever since it happened, it was all that filled my brain. I longed for a different subject, for some normalcy. 
         And my friend provided just that. 
         We laughed as he told me stories of what I had missed during my trip. 
        "She brought 3?! 3 singular potatoes to the kitchen for the Pack Dinner?" I laughed so hard that my stomach ached.
           He laughed hard with me, "Yeah! Olivia thought the '3' on the file meant '3' lone potatoes, and not 3 baskets of them. Oh Goddess Syl, you should've seen her face."
           We both carried on like this for a while, laughing and updating files and studies on the plants. It was nice, being in Ericks company again. I had been so edge since last night, and his jokes and familiar conversation were soothing.
          Eventually I forced him out, convincing him that he needed some time off now that I was back. It didn't take too much convincing. 
          I settled down and finished up some lengthy paper work regarding an upcoming herb and vegetable delivery. Then, after tending to the plant nursery and re-editing some charts, I ate lunch and then flopped onto the couch. 
          It was only noon and I was already tired. 
          I stared at the ceiling fan above me for a long quiet pause.
         With Alarick's...outburst last night, I hadn't even been thinking about Amala and what happened the woods earlier; The event had completely been pushed to the back of my mind. 
          I knew that I was left with a decision. 
         Do I believe Amala and Snayers?
        Or am I going to continue denying it?
          Twisting my head at an odd angle, I eyed the tiny little English ivy on the side table next to me. It was small and potted, quaint.
          I rolled onto my stomach on the cushions,  reaching out and touching the soft leaves. 
          Curiosity filled me. 
          Could I really have some sort of... ability?
          I sat up, glancing around the greenhouse before scooting in closer to it.
         I can't control a plant!
         The thought still seemed so silly.
          I stared at the plant, feeling unsure at first. 
         But then... How did I catch myself yesterday?
          I decided to amuse myself and try. Why not? If anything, I'll give myself a laugh. 
            I scoffed at what I was doing and scooted in even closer. Clearing my busy mind, I focused on it and what I wanted it to do. I envisioned it growing, I thought of what it'd look like while moving, how it's arms move in the wind.
          I focused hard on the scene in my mind, of the little ivy in front of me unraveling it's vines. 
          And it did. 
          "Hah..!" I exclaimed in wonder.
          The ivy's long vines reached out to me, extending about four or five inches forward. I whipped my head around, smiling, as if checking to see if anyone else saw it. 
           I reached out to touch the new length of the plant, just to confirm that this is not all in my head. 
          "That's insane...." I muttered.
           Then I started laughing. 
           "This is insane." I said it again, louder.
           Just making sure I'm not asleep right now.
           I hopped off the couch and practically ran over to the small bonsai tree we had on the main desk. I stood in front of it and traced a finger down its small branches. Again, I focused. I channeled my thoughts on what I wanted the branch to do. I thought of making it move, like moving my arm to grab something. 
          The little tree twisted, and one lone branch jutted out towards for my finger, away from the rest. I laughed as I raised my hand in the air slightly. The thin branches followed for a few inches before slowing to a stop.
        I quickly retracted my hand to my chest, staring at it with a laugh.
        Is this real?
       Is this one of my weird dreams....?
        I looked around the Greenhouse again. 
        "Amala was right...." I uttered to myself in complete disbelief, glanced down to my hands.
       "Goddess, I love that sentence."
       Her voice scared the hell out of me.
       With a yelp and a pathetic excuse of a jump, I whirled around. She was there, perched high off the ground, leaning in through one of the many windows. 
         "Amala!" I exclaimed.
        She smiled at me brightly.
         "Amala did you see that? Just now? The plants?" I asked her, pointing to the small potted tree next to me.
         Her grin widened even more and she leapt down, landing perfectly on her feet in front of me, "I saw. You're.. You're not freaked out?"
         I rushed back over to the plant I had just manipulated. "Of course I'm freaked out! Look! Look at this!" 
         "I told you." She said sounding bored. But when I looked over, her brown dewy face still held a playful grin. 
         "....I..." I stumbled over my words, watching the plant once again follow my hand. I stopped and looked over to her, "What do I do?" 
          Amala's smile turned knowing, like she was holding something back for once. 
          Then came the panic.
          My eyes widened as I started to overthink, "B-But really, what do I do? What do I do with this? What's next?"
          Amala was next to me in a flash, "You want to know what's next?"
          I tore my gaze from the plant and looked to her. Her eyes held nothing but pure mischief. Part of that terrified me and wanted to push her away. But the other part, the larger part, wanted to say 'Hell yes.'
         So I did.
        "Hell yes." I breathed. 
        Amala's smile slowly widened.
         Guilt flooded my heart as Amala and I made our way into the woods; I knew Alarick had asked me to avoid the area. But after last night, I don't think he's in the position to deciding where I should and shouldn't go. 
         Besides, he won't even find out.
         Famous last words.
         We laughed as we ran through the nature, leaping off of flat rocks and dodging under fallen trees. My hands grazed vines, leaves, tree bark, and soil as we flew through the forest. I had no idea where we were going, but I didn't care too much. I was too excited. 
        "Here!" Amala called over her shoulder as she jumped down onto a lower rocky area. 
       "Come on!" She smiled as she disappeared behind the trees and brush.
        I couldn't contain the smile on my face as I leapt down after her.  
        Amala perched herself on a low branch of a random tree, propping her chin up with her hand. "Do something." She smiled.
         I panted and grinned in return, knowing what she was talking about.
        I raised my hand and directed my thoughts onto a small and thin tree near me. Admiring its body and shape, I envisioned it moving with me, following me, like an extension of myself.
         The small plant followed.
         I laughed again in disbelief as I watched it. It's bark and branches twisted and turned, continuously chasing my hand. When I stopped, the tree stayed in its position, as if frozen once again. 
        "Haha!" Amala exclaimed from above me, watching. "Do this one!"
         I looked over to see her standing on the high branch, stomping her foot to signal the branch she was currently on. 
         "Okay, don't fall!" I told her as I raised both hands. Again, I focused on the one specific tree, the particular area that I wanted to move - and how it wanted to move it.
          Amala's eyes lightened in amusement as the branch she stood on shifted beneath her, slowly raising itself higher and further outward.
          We carried on like this for hours; Amala playfully ordering me to move certain trees as she dangled from them, acting as if she were indestructible.
           Eventually we both slumped to the forest floor, tired from laughing and the physical activity. My head was beginning to hurt from all of the focusing, as well as my hands cramping from the movements. Amala looked tired too, she chased every branch I moved, trying to be quicker than me.
           It was the most fun I've had in a while. 
           But I kept in mind the fact that I still had many unanswered questions.
           "Amala?" I asked her, still slightly out of breath from our playing.
           She wiped her face with her hands, "Hm?"
          "Why do I hear your voice in my head sometimes?" I blurted out.
           She stilled before looking to me.
           "Like, sometimes I hear it in my dreams. Other times it's when I'm awake." I confessed.
           I thought back to the random times where I'd hear her calling my name. It took my so long to realize why the voice was familiar to me - It was Amala's.
           Slowly, a smile crept onto her face.
           "I didn't think it had worked." She laughed.
           I frowned, "What worked?"
           She turned her body to face me and titled her head, assessing me, "The charms."
            "Charms.... I've learned about those.."
           "Yeah?" 
            I nodded, "Yeah, months ago in my Botany class. But why? Why'd you charm me?" 
             She shrugged, "Sometimes I wanted your attention. So we can talk, like this."
              I eyed her, "So why not approach me? Why cast a charm and get in my head?"
             "I'm not Greycove, remember? I can't be walking around like I belong here."
            "So why hang around? If you don't belong here?" I asked her.
              Amala stretched her arms behind her head, "To talk to you! I know who you are." She grunted.
              I furrowed my brows, "What? Why?"
             "Ugh, you ask a lot of questions!"
              Suddenly she was on her feet. I stood as well, not wanting her to disappear yet.
              "Well, I mean it. Why do ya hang around me so much? Why- How do you know so much about elementals? About me?" I asked.
              I kicked a rock as I spewed out my questions. 
              "I've told ya! You're interesting and I like that. You and I, we have more in common than you know." She smiled as she swung her feet onto a fallen log.
             I frowned at her answer. 
             "Oh relax. I only charmed you because I wanted to hang out and get to know you!" She grinned.
            I gave her a look of disapproval.
            "But I mean, look! Now we're friends."
             I laughed dryly, "You're crazy."
             She joined my laughing but then quickly stopped. I looked up to see her head turned, suddenly completely still and facing the opposite direction.
             My smile dropped.
             "...What?" I asked.
             I went to stand by her side, watching her large eyes scan the woods around us.
             "What is-"
             "Shh." She quipped.
             The air around us changed. With both of our  playful and lighthearted moods gone, tension took over. Suddenly, the forest fell deathly silent. 
             I looked down when I felt her hand gently grasp my wrist. My eyes went back to her face, which was calm and blank.
             "We're gunna run, okay?" Amala spoke low.
             I looked away from her grip on me and back to the nature surrounding us, looking for whatever had spooked her.
            Then, I saw it.
            A large shadow laid on the forest floor, hiding near the roots of the trees. It looked almost natural, unnoticeable at first glance. But if you know the area and the way the sun falls and casts it's shadows, you can tell that it's not supposed to be there.
             The shadow moved like liquid, scurrying along the ground and inching towards us. We both stepped back, watching the darkness spread closer to our feet slowly. Accompanying it was a sense of dread, a looming danger.
              Before I could observe the specimen any longer, Amala yanked my wrist and took off like a bullet. We turned and ran side by side with her leading the way. I didn't ask questions as she darted through the trees, almost literally dragging me along. 
             The several minutes we spent running felt like seconds. We slowed to a stop after a while, where I caught my breath as Amala scoped out the area.
          "Gunna tell me...." I panted, "-what that was?"
          We made eye contact and I noticed the sweat on her brow, "Definitely something to run from." She joked without a smile.
          We both leaned against a tree.
          My head felt fuzzy from the sudden run.
          "I saw it too, it was like a shadow." I said.
          Amala nodded and I continued.
          "It felt... bad. Dangerous."
          "Dark magic." She said. 
          I looked to her with shock, "Really?"
          "I've never seen it in person, but I've learned about it. Whatever the Dark Magic is being used for, it's always in the form of shadows."
          "Why was it there? It- it didn't attack. It's like it was watching us." I said.
           Amala's face was hard with concern. She looked away, thinking. I stood straight and wiped my face while catching my breath.
           "We should move. I don't want to see that thing again." She said nervously.
          It was unsettling seeing the reckless and wild girl from the woods seem frightened.
           I shook my head, "Go where? Greycove is miles from here. We were already deep in the woods and now we just ran even further." 
           She bit her lip and looked over her shoulder. "I know a place."
           My last thoughts before following her even deeper into the woods were of Alarick. I knew I had dinner planned with him tonight...
          It's fine.
          He won't know - I'll be right back.
          Again, famous last words.


Part 45

••••• Remember to vote and comment my babies!! I love reading your thoughts and getting feedback :) If you're bored, check out my other book!••••••                                   THANK YOU!
       For several minutes, Amala and I rushed through the thick nature to a small clearing. There, sat a quaint little house - almost like a shack. She hurried inside the old wooden structure, looking over her shoulder as she went.
       I followed behind, quickly shutting the thin door behind us.
      "This.. This is yours?" I asked, panting.
      She nodded, "You could say that."
      The small room seemed more like a little hideout. All it housed was an old couch tucked into the corner with a desk. Things like blankets, books, dirty boots, jackets, and magazines littered the small space.
        I smiled, "This place is cute."
        She snorted as she peered out the window.
       "You don't think that... that shadow thing followed us, right?" I asked.
        Amala shook her head, "I don't see anything. But I don't want to see it again."
       I joined her side and gazed out the window.
       Glancing at my nearly-dead battery phone, the late time surprised me.
         4:09pm. Crap.
        Well, I still have some time until dinner.                Amala and I talked for awhile in the little shed. Every once in a while one of us would glance out the window, ensuring the ominous shadow hadn't made another appearance. 
        "If it was Dark Magic, that means there's someone who cast it." I said. "Right?"
         She looked away from the window and locked eyes with me. "Yeah.."
         I frowned, "You don't think that was meant for us, do you?" 
         Amala looked away from me. "Well it was crawling towards us, wasn't it?"
         I was quiet for a moment before pondering, "Once I was in the woods with my friend, Ericks. This... thing attacked us. Well, specifically me I guess."
         "You think it was Dark Magic?" She asked.
         I shrugged my shoulder with a frown, "I-I never really saw it. It grabbed my ankle and pulled me, like it was taking me somewhere. But it had that exact same eerie feeling, you know?"
         She stared at me intently for a long moment before nodding slightly. 
         "It probably was. I mean, if it were a rouge, or even a vampire, your little wolf pack buddies would've caught a scent to hunt down. Dark Magic can't be tracked."
           Her words unsettled me because I knew she had a good point.
           "So now," she roughly plopped onto the desk across from me, leaning inward, "- We have to wonder why someone is using Dark Magic towards you."
           I blinked. "What? No-"
           Amala laughed dryly, "Don't tell me you think it's just a coincidence that you've encountered it twice now! You know how rare the art of Dark Magic is?"
           I shook my head, "No... I don't know anyone who practices Magic. I don't have any enemies who'd target me either." 
           "Well... None that you know of."
            I glared at her. 
            "What?" She shrugged. "Come on, you can't think of one person who could... I don't know, be plotting against ya? Any secret arch nemesis's? No one you hate? No one who creeps ya out?"
              She was being playful, but one name come into my mind. Her words immediately made me think of him.
             Thomas...?
             The sound of the door opening caught both of our attention. A young man entered, shrugging off a thick coat for the winter air. He looked up, blue eyes peaking out of shaggy hair, and nodded to Amala before noticing me.
          "Oh, crap." She mumbled.
           The man's eyes bulged out as he stared at me.
           "Wha... What the..." He muttered in disbelief, inching closer to me, "Holy shit."
           Confused, I looked from him to Amala. 
           Why is this guy staring at me...?
           "Oh! Hey there, Miles!" Amala said nervously.
           Miles wide eyes never left mine as he spoke to her, "What the hell have you done, Mals?"
          "Mals...?" I muttered.
          "Nothing!" She defended. 
           Finally his accusing eyes left mine and locked onto hers, "Why is she here?! What did you do?!"
           "We're friends!" She yelled.
           "Friends?!" He yelled in disbelief. "Y-You're friends with her?"
            I watched the two begin to argue as if I weren't there. And I'm not going to lie, it was pretty entertaining. The scene reminded me a lot of my two idiot brothers. My heart tugged and I quickly pushed the thoughts of them away.
           "-She knows about it now! She figured it all out herself! I didn't do anything!" Amala groaned. 
            Miles's stare whipped back to me.
            "....She does?"
            "Yes! You should be thankful I was here to assist her with it. Right Syl?" 
            "Don't give her a nickname!"
            "She likes it!"
             At this point, I was beyond lost trying to follow the conversation. But I knew they were talking about me. A part of me wanted to interject, but another part wanted to simply sit back and watch the fight unfold.
            "You're dead meat. You're dead!" Miles laughed as he pushed his hands through his messy hair. "If Jordan finds out..."
            "He'll only find out if you tell! This is why everyone hates you. You're no fun!" Amala argued.
            "Fun? Fun! This is your idea of fun?" He gestured to over to me.
            "Yeah." She answered.
            "I'm fun." 
            Amala and I spoke at the same time.
            "Goddess help us." He mumbled, looking up at the ceiling above us. "What have you told her? How does she already know about it?" 
           "Here comes the interrogation." Amala groaned, plopping down next to me on the couch.  
           "I'm confused." I said. "You also know about my.... ability?" I asked him.
            Miles finally decided to acknowledge me, and turned with a sigh, "Yes. Mals here is not supposed  to be stirring up trouble." He turned back to her, "In fact, I'm pretty sure you were specifically told not to go near her!"
            Amala cringed as he scolded her.
            "Not go near me...? Who told you not to go near me?" I asked.
             She looked to her friend expectantly.
             Sighing again, he sat down.
             Nobody spoke.
             "Say it." Amala said, sounding bored.
             Miles looked uncomfortable as he shuffled around in his seat. "Uh, okay. Yeah- Yes, we all know about your ability."
             I stared at him like he was crazy. "The..plant thing?" I scoffed, "No, I only just found out about it this morni-"
            Amala cut me off, "Hey! I've been trying to get you to see it for a while now."
            I glared at her, "Yes, well excuse me for not believing the girl who magically appears in my window and follows me around the woods."
            Miles turned to her, "You've been following her around?!"
           She rolled her eyes.
           "Tell me how you two already knew about me."
           The two of them looked to me. Miles seemed to struggle to find words, while Amala simply looked out the window. It was obvious they were holding something back.
           "I already know I have these powers. And now I've met you two. Might as well spill all of it." I pretty much begged.
           Miles leaned back and broke the silence.
           "Okay... Uh- Where we come from, our people... We... I guess you could say we keep track of those who have this ability."
             I thought about his words. "Keep track... So that's how you already knew?" I turned to Amala, "And that's how you knew too?"
            She shrugged again.
            I looked at my hands, "There are others with this? Where you come from?"
            A somber expression masked his face, "No. There are no others, only you."
           I nodded slowly. "Oh..."
           Amala spoke up, "Its celebrated where we live, ya know. Being an Elemental."
           And then it clicked in my brain. 
           I stood up slowly.
           "This ability proves that I'm.. I'm an elemental." I stated blankly. 
           She held my gaze and nodded.
           "And Elementals are not only believed in, but celebrated where you live." 
            A sneaky grin slowly grew across her face, "Are you finally putting the puzzle pieces together, little Sylvia?"
           "You... You're one of them aren't you? Both of you. One of the people who lives in the Moon Goddess blessed forest."
           Miles made a face and Amala chuckled.
          "Haven't heard someone call it that in years."
          Realization hit me like a truck.
         "You..! So you knew the entire time! From the very beginning!" I sputtered.
          She raised her hands in surrender.
          "I didn't wanna freak you out!"
          "So you just sat back and watched me lose my mind?!" I exclaimed. "I-I thought I was crazy!" 
           "Like you would've believed me! What was I supposed to say, Sylvia? Hey, you're an Elemental who came from the Goddesses sacred land. Your middle name is skeptical!"
            I held my head and groaned.
           "I came from there?"
           "Well, obviously you came from-"
            Miles interjected, "Why don't we take a break? Let's not send her into shock."
            I sat on the desk.
            "No."
            Both heads turned to me.
            I shook mine, "No. No, I'm so sick of that. My brothers keeping secrets, Alarick keeping secrets. I'm keeping secrets. Jus- Just tell me everything. Please, all of it."
            Miles looked to Amala.
            "Are you sure, Syl?"
           I nodded my head weakly. "Why the hell not."
           The sun was setting as the three of us huddled in a circle in the little shed in the woods. Miles leaned against the foot of the couch and Amala sat next to me. I knew that I was probably going to be late to my dinner with Alarick, but I couldn't leave. Not when answers were this close.
           At this point, I felt like nothing could surprise me anymore. Finally, someone was willing to tell me everything. No secrets, no 'protecting'- Just the truth.
            Miles cleared his throat, "Look, I-"
           "All of it, Miles." I reminded him.
            His green eyes held mine for a minute before nodding his head, "Right."
           Amala gave me an encouraging nudge.
           "All of this happened by accident." He began. "I was looking for something-"
          "Snooping." Amala interjected.
          Miles glared at her, "I was looking for something back home, in Jordan's office. He's kind of like a leader back home. I ended up finding a bunch of files. I didn't know they were classified. So I started going through them and..."
         "And..?" I asked.
         "It was file on you. All about you, pretty much. Too some extent." Amala said.
          I furrowed my brows, "What? Why?"
          "Because you're an Elemental. You're one of us. You belong here, with us." She said defensively.
          I was silent.
          "I showed Mals all of the files I had found. We were excited, we didn't know there were any Elementals left. I thought they had all died off. But we didn't know why you weren't... here, with us and our people."
          I listened as they went on. He explained how Amala had snook off, determined to befriend me after reading the files about the last Elemental. Miles, on the other hand, put the files back and told her to pretend that they never found them.
          Clearly, Amala sucks at listening.
          She looked to me and shrugged.
          Miles continued when I didn't respond.
          "That's all we know, promise. Found a file on you, found out there's a still living elemental, and tweedle dee over here has been going behind our backs and harassing you ever since." He said.
           I looked to Amala, "How'd you always know where I was?"
           She smiled, "I was just paying attention."
          "And your voice... when I would hear you..?"
          "Different charms, remember?"
          I rubbed my forehead.
          Then turned to Miles, "And.. you guys live in a pack...? Or something?"
           He cracked a smile, "Or something. More like a community. We live in Prayess. Or as you called it earlier, the Goddesses blessed forest. All of our ancestors lived there and protected the land, it's our people's history and duty."
            I stared at him in shock, "That place is impossible to find."
             Amala shook her head, "Not necessarily. You just need to know where to look."
             I sighed. "And... And you think I came from there? That I was born there?"
             She looked to Miles.
            "Well you had to have. You're an Elemental."
             My head pounded.
            "This is a lot." I muttered, "This is a lot to take in one day."
              Amala cackled at that.
              "Why don't you come back with us?" Miles asked me softly.
               I shook my head, "I can't do that."
              "Pft. It's where you're supposed to be. It's where you should have been this whole time." Amala said.
              "No. No, I have work and-"
              "You just found out you can move plants with your mind and you're worried about work?" She sassed back.
               Miles muffled a laugh.
               "My brothers. And Alarick, I can't just leave-" I started to spew.
                "Alarick?"
                Amala leaned into Miles and whispered loudly, "She has a thing for her boss."
                "So... if I came from Prayess, that means my parents are there? My real ones?" I asked in an unsure voice.
                Miles's expression turned serious, "I don't know, Sylvia." He hesitated to continue, "About 9 years ago there was an attack. We lost so many people. If the Fae hadn't stepped in..."
             An attack?
            Alarick said my Father had wronged them..
            Father didn't do anything.. did he?
             My heart pounded.
            "Miles..Wh-Who was responsible for the attack?" I asked nervously.
              My gut already knew the answer before he spoke it.
              "Aiden Jacobs."


Part 46

••••• Remember to vote and comment  little book nerds!! I love reading your own thoughts and getting some feedback :) If you're bored, check out my other book!••••••                            THANK YOU GUYS!
          Amala stood in front of me, "Wait, just wai-"
          I jerked my arm from her grasp, "No. No, I need to go... Go figure this out. I'm sorry." 
        Aiden Jacobs.
        Theories entered my mind as the dots connected. "I'll be back, I just need to... think-"
        "We dumped a lot on her, Mals. Let her process everything." Miles said from behind.
          I hurried to the door and looked back, nodding to them both, "Thank you, for telling me."
          Miles nodded his head and Amala pouted.
         I practically ran out the door, just barely remembering the way we had come. The sun was just about done setting and it was hard to see. Still, I pumped my legs through the endless trees as the information settled in my mind.
          They didn't know my last name.
          They didn't know Aiden Jacobs is my Father.
          Well, adopted Father.
          My real Father... And Mother..
          They were from Prayess? 
          The same place he had attacked?
          I stopped running for a moment and panted, hands on my knees. Tears blurred my vision as all of the pieces fell into place.
           I was found lost in the woods 9 years ago.
           The attack on Prayess was 9 years ago.
            The attack my Father is responsible for.
           I forced my legs to move, still rushing through the trees and over fallen logs. Was this the way we had come earlier?
          Is that how my Dad found me?
          Because he invaded my home?
          Did he find me or did he take me?
          Did he take me because I was the last Elemental?
          A sudden ringing broke me from my thoughts as I hurried through the woods. It scared me, when was the last time my phone rang? Looking down, that caller surprised me even more. 
          Alarick.
          I didn't think before answering.
          "Hello?" I panted into the speaker.
          "Where are you?" 
          I shook my head, looking around, "I don't.. I'm not sure."
           "Find a landmark, Sylvia."
           I didn't bother wondering how Alarick knew I was lost. Or how he managed to go into mission mode so quickly. 
             "Uh... Um." I struggled to find any identifying feature of the woods around me. I could barely even focus on the task, I couldn't think straight with the new information and theories cramming my brain.
              "Can you see-"
              I cut him off, "Alarick." My voice was thick with emotion. "Tell me. What I wanted to know the other night- aside from my family, who has been asking you to keep me safe?"
               I was finally getting information and I wanted more. All of it was slowly coming together.
               His end was silent.
               "Let me find you first and-"
               "No." I blubbered out.
               "Please, Sylvia-"
               "Tell me who wants you to protect me."
                Again, Alarick was quiet.
               I resorted to threats.
                "I'll hang up. I'll end the call and-"
                "Jack. Jack and I have been speaking recently. And a man named Jordan."
                Jordan..
                Miles mentioned a man named Jordan.
                Is he the same one?
                "Jordan... Jordan from Prayess?"
                 The silence between us was long.
                "Sylvia, how do you know that name?" Alarick asked in a serious voice.
                "How do you know that name?" I childishly shot back at him.
                 I could hear Alarick let out a frustrated sigh through the phone. I knew he was probably running a hand through his hair, frustrated.
                 "Yes. Jordan from Prayess, Jack, and I have been speaking about your safety."
                I sniffed and wiped my dripping nose.
                "He wants me protected because... Because this Jordan guy knows who I am? He knew me before I was found by Blackwater?"
                 The line was quiet for a moment.
                "Yes." 
                I looked up at the trees, as if that'd help me sort the information out in my head.
                "My love, tell me where you are."
                 As usual, the endearment made my heart skip a beat. Or three. My chest tightened and my defiance instantly left.
                "...I'm near..." I looked around, struggling to see in the growing darkness, "The two Oak Trees. One time Ericks called them the twin trees.." 
               "I'm coming to you." He said.
               "Okay." I whispered back.
               I pulled the device from my ear and ended the call. I felt anxious for Alarick's calming presence. I wanted to spew all of the heavy information I had just gathered all over him. I didn't care about hiding anything anymore, when he gets here, I'll tell him all of it, everything I knew.
              My Father attacked Prayess.
              I came from Prayess.
              He took me. He took me from my home.
              I leaned against a tree and slide down to the ground. Was I overthinking it all? The bizarre theory couldn't be true. I had made peace with the fact I was found in the woods at 10, I accepted it. But I never dwelled on why, or how.
              Was it all because of him?
               Suddenly, a loud shuffling caught my attention. I stood and immediately locked my eyes with wild ones. I scanned his appearance in shock. He look ragged, like he hadn't slept. His arm was bandaged in a thick wrap, with dark splotches of blood seeping through.
               "Thomas." I said.
               "Hello, Sylvia." He said sweetly. "I thought I smelt you."
                I backed away from him. The man had always unsettled me for some reason, but now he had a crazed look in his eye. Last I had seen him was when Alarick attacked him.
               "Did you miss me? Did you think I was dead?" He asked with a laugh. "Or did you like watching your Alpha tear me apart?"
               "He says you were trying to hurt me." I kept trembling my voice even.
               Thomas threw his head back and laughed, "Oh! Goddess.. Trying to hurt you? Please! He- He's the one putting you in harms way!"
              I continued to take small steps backward from the crazed werewolf. "Can you explain that?"
             He made a 'tsk' sound with his tongue, "You...Humans." He spat, "Always needing an explanation. Would you believe me if I told you that I am actually trying to help you here?"
              I watched him as he went on.
              He looked as though he had gone mad.
              "I-", Thomas dramatically gestured to himself, "I am one of the only people trying to do the right thing! To keep order!"
              "Keep order?" I asked.
              "Yes! Yes, keep order! You agree, don't you? Sometimes, when things start to unravel or spiral, we must put them back!" He looked at me with a desperate expression, begging me to understand, "All to keep order!"
               "Thomas.. What's out of order? What do you need to fix?" I asked nervously.
               His expression turned sour, almost sad, "You, Sylvia. You have gone too far, digging up things you shouldn't be digging up. We're all in agreement that all of this trouble, it could all go away if we just correct the order of things!" 
                I stared at him, shocked, "M-Me? No, I haven't dug anyth-"
              "Oh, but you have! The little Elemental thing, finding Prayess, the- the little girl you hang around. You see? It's all out of order!"
               My eyes widened as he spoke in a strained, urgent voice. Thomas was using one hand, the injured one, to gesture frantically as he rambled. The other was digging around in his pocket.
            "How..How did you know?" 
            Thomas laughed, "The hills have eyes Sylvia! As I have sources - sources to keep an eye on you and what you've been doing."
             "It was you, wasn't it? The dark Magic."
             I watched him stumbled around, trying to pace, retrieve something from his pocket, and give a crazed speech all at once. "Very good! Yes, very good, you're smart aren't you?"
             His confession didn't shock me. 
             "You said 'we're all in agreement'..." I trailed off, watching his hand in his pocket.
             "Yes, yes, 'we'. Leonardo, your Father, myself." He muttered, pulling out a small object from his clothes.
              "You've been speaking with Leo and my Father? About-"
               "About order!" He cut me off. "This- All of this is wrong. W-We just need to put it back, put it all back to the way it once was!"
               Finally, I could clearly make out the object in his hand - a small syringe. Panic flooded my veins at his obvious intention.
               "What is that?" I asked, eyes glued to the small weapon.
                Thomas raised it for me to see, "Don't worry, it won't hurt you dear. This- This is the key! This is what you- What we need for everything to go back. No powers, no memories."
             My eyes widened.
            "It's nothing you haven't had before. How do you think your Father has been suppressing your ability for this long?" He chuckled, stepping towards me. 
              I ran. Turning around, I leapt over the log and made a dash between the trees. Of course, with his heightened speed, Thomas was right on my tail. The chase ended as soon as it started.
              A cry left my lips as I crashed into the cold ground, Thomas's good hand wrapped around my ankle.
              "Ah, ah, ah!" He tsked, "None of that, Sylvia. Come on now." 
               Thomas leaned over me as I laid there. I got one good punch to his face before he gripped the front of my coat and slammed my head into the ground. Another loud groan sounded from me as a wave of sudden nauseousness and pain rolled through me.
               He looked pained, "I don't want to hurt you. But if you keep being difficult.."
               Thomas rolled my sleeve up as he spoke, "Leo and I agreed recently that this is the only way. Conceal your powers, just like your Father had been doing all those years. Then, the people of Prayess will have no choice but to back off once you're back on Blackwater territory."
              I struggled against his hold as he went on, "You were Aiden's protection, ya know? One Prayess steps foot on his territory, seeking revenge for Aiden's attack and 'Bang!', their last elemental, gone. Terminated."
              His words infuriated me. I freed an arm and swiped my nails across his pale and sweaty face. He jerked back with a loud hiss of pain.  
              A hard slap met my cheek and I saw stars.
              "Keep that up and I leave you with more than a bruised cheek." He said in a calm voice.
              Thomas was on top of me, pinning me down with each knee on one of my elbows.
               I have to keep him talking.
               Distract him.
              "Why are you doing this?" I gasped.
              Thomas struggled with the syringe, "Good question! It's simple, all of this really. I admit the serum to you, get you back to Blackwater, and my position as Leonardo's new Beta is guaranteed." He smiled.
              "Jack is Leo's Beta." I argued, "That's been the plan for years-" 
               "Ha! J-Jack! He's been the one who's been fighting all of this - trying to work with Alarick behind his own Alpha's back." He lessened his weight on me, lost in his speech, "I can be the better Beta- I am the better Beta!"
               I watched him with my head craned, "Jack and Alarick are going against Leo..?"
               So that's why they've been talking..
               Thomas nodded his head excitedly, "Yes! They've- they're trying to keep you from us. We're the ones trying to make it all right again."
                "You think Jack won't fight for me once you do this? You drug me, send me back to Blackwater, and what?" I shot back.
               He let out another laugh, "He can't fight! To go against an Alpha is asking for a war. If he or Alarick go against Alpha Leo, they go against Blackwater."
               I grunted in anger and tried to shove him off, struggling against his hold. 
               "You're lying!" I struggled to say. "All of this - you're making it up!"
               "Don't be a child," he roughly tried to restrain my arms again as I fought his hold, "Don't reject the truth-"
               "You're lying! You're lying!" 
                During our wrestling, the syringe fell from his hand. As I fought to get his heavy weight off of me, the glass was crushed under us. Thomas's eyes widened at the distinct sound of the small glass snapping.
                His eyes locked onto my own, "You fucking bitch." He whispered, then yelled, "You Bitch!"
                 Suddenly, his soil covered hands went to my neck. Again I resorted to clawing at him, scratching his hands that wrapped around my throat. I coughed and sputtered as he screamed nonsense in my face.  
                 "What have you done?! What have you done?!" Thomas yelled, his nose practically touching my own as his hands roughly shook my neck.
                  The pressure on my neck and head throbbed with a stabbing pain as the lack of oxygen began to take effect. 
                  My lungs were on fire.
                  I could feel my heartbeat pounding in my head as I coughed on the air stuck in my throat. My chest tightened as I desperately kicked my weakened legs, still trying to shift his heavy weight off of me.
              Black dots slowly began to fill my vision, and his crazed words were no longer registering in my mind. My chest wasn't hurting as bad anymore.
             I thought of Alarick and how I missed our dinner tonight.
              Before slipping into a bittersweet state of unconsciousness, I heard muffled screams and shouts. I vaguely recall feeling the rough hands leave me suddenly, and my head falling to the ground.               The last thing I thought of was the feeling of the cold and wet earthy soil on my cheek.


Part 47

          In my dream, I couldn't hear anything like I usually could. But I could see something - I could see a scene playing out in front of me. Instantly, I recognized the people. 
          It was the now familiar young woman and the much older one. In my previous dreams, the pair were always arguing, seemingly over a young child. The old woman would always demand that the lady 'hand over the child' - a demand that she always refused.
          Theia. Theia was her name.
          But in this dream, there was no shouting, no pleading or begging. This time, the old woman was not demanding Theia hand over her child. And this time, Theia wasn't desperately fighting back and protecting her kid.
           The two just sat, in a blurred room that I couldn't quite focus in on. To my surprise, there was another female present - a little girl. She sat in front of Theia, quietly flipping through a small book as her mother finger brushed her hair.
            I watched the old lady pace around, exit and re-enter after some time. She stood afar from the two before speaking barley audible words. 
           "Theia. It's time."
            The young woman stopped brushing and stared at her. Finally, she shook her head.
          "No. No, five more minutes."
            The old woman inched closer, "It has to be now, child."
             Theia stood from her seat suddenly, "Please. Please, I need more time with her. Don't take her yet."
            "Our people are being killed out there. Just give her to them." The old woman said. "End the bloodshed."
             The little girl stood as well, quietly looking up at her Mother.
             Theia's eyes were filled with tears, but they never fell. She dropped to her knees in front of the girl, "Momma loves you baby. Your Momma and your Papa love you so much. You know that?" She smiled brightly. 
              The girl nodded. "I know that Momma."
              The old woman approached the two slowly with a small item in her hand. A syringe. 
            "You're gonna be okay, okay baby? You're gonna be alright." Theia encouraged the girl, tears now flowing down her face. 
              The girl frowned at her mother's crying. "I know that too Momma."
              The old woman stopped next to the girl and stared down at her, lightly gripping her upper arm and holding the needle to it.
               As the needle poked her soft skin, Theia held the girls head in her hands and faced her. Suddenly a loud pounding sounded on the door. The banging fists and shouts spread to the surrounding windows, shaking the small house.
             "What's happening Ma?" The girls eyes widened, looking down to her arm and then to the shaking door.
     "Momma's right here, Syl. Momma's right here with ya."
     
              I struggled to blink my eyes open as the dream vanished from my mind. The pain in my head rolled in waves, throbbing with an angry vengeance. Everything in me ached as I swallowed a groan in my sore throat.
              I opened my eyes fully to take in my location. I was in an unfamiliar room, and no it wasn't all white. The walls were a quiet green and a warm quilt covered me on the large bed I laid in. After a minute of struggling, I was able to fully sit up and look around.
             It was clearly a bedroom. 
             I looked down to my hands to see the dirt and dried blood still on them, as if reminding me it wasn't all just a nightmare. A small needle was in my wrist, hooked to a clear tube and bag hanging next to the bed. Then I noticed the low beeping of a machine behind me, repeating my heart rhythm.
             Medical equipment.
             I leaned back into the bed. Against my will, the pieces of information I got from the previous events flooded my mind. Like a puzzle, I watched it all fall into place. 
            I'm an Elemental.
            I came from Prayess. 
            My Dad is responsible for the attack.
            He took me.
            Thomas has been working with he and Leo to conceal my ability and erase different parts of my memories - memories of my powers.
            Jack and Alarick have been fighting that.
            Thomas is a dick and strangled me.
            I was finally in a quiet environment to actually process what had happened, and what had been revealed. Or pieced together. 
            My chest tightened.
            Leo.... Leo wanted to hide my power? He was on board with taking away my memories? This whole time, he'd been working with Thomas. Is this why he stopped speaking to me?
            I was vaguely aware of the quickened beeping on the machine behind me. My mind continued to spiral as I thought.
            And Dad. 
           How could he?
           How could he just raise me as his own, like nothing happened?
           How long has Leo known? And Jack?
           The beeping grew faster as tears welled in my eyes. My breathing became labored as the lie of my childhood set in.
           Suddenly the door opened and I flinched.
           Relief flooded me as I locked eyes with soft blue ones. Miles entered, slow and hesitant.
           "Hey, Syl." He used the nickname that he had heard from Amala earlier. 
           She followed behind him.
           "You're alright, breathe." He placed a hand on my back and rubbed up and down as I tried to slow my breathing.
             "Are you having a freak out?" Amala leaned forward and asked in a child-like voice.
             "Mals." He scolded her.
             "What?" 
             Then a new face entered the room. A older man with neat dusty brown hair and thick glasses. He watched us from the door with a neutral smile. For some reason, I immediately knew he was someone I could trust. 
              After a minute of me collecting myself, the man stepped closer, holding a clipboard.
              "Jordan." Miles greeted.
              He nodded at him and Amala before looking to me with fond, loving eyes. "It's been so long, kiddo. How are you feeling, Sylvia?"
             He knows me..?
              I stared at him before nodding.
             "I'm sure you're hurting right now. There's Tylenol here for you." He pointed to a new sealed bottle of pills on the small desk. 
              "Thanks." I muttered out.
              Amala reached over and began to open it.
              "You're.. You spoke to Jack and Alarick?"
              Jordan smiled and nodded, "Yes. We've been trying to get you out of Blackwater for some time now. I apologize for not sharing this information with you. It was all so sudden, as you know."
              I nodded, appreciating the honesty.
              "You guys knew? About Leo, Thomas and my Dad?" I asked him.
               Amala set two white Tylenol's in front of me with a small glass of water.
              Jordan adjusted his glasses, "We were figuring it out slowly. When your brother discovered his twin's plans and struggled to stop them, he turned to Alarick for help."
             So that's why they were talking..
              How much does Alarick know?
               "Oh..." I said. "He's okay? Jack?"
               "I'm fine." 
               My eyes left Jordan and shot to the door. And there stood Jack, with an empty smile. He looked tired and stressed out, but familiar. Somehow, he also looked older.
               I smiled brightly, "Jack!" 
               Jordan grinned and Miles scooted over as my brother came to my bed, wrapping me up in a big hug. "Gentle with her, Jack!" Amala scolded him.
              He ruffled my hair and for possibly the first time, I loved it. 
              "I'm sorry, Syl. I'm sorry. For everyth-"
              "Shut up." I cut him off. "Jus-Just explain it all to me." I told him.
               He smiled and settled next to me. "Where should I start first?"
               I mustered a small grin as I exhaled, "How about the beginning?"
               Miles and Amala hung around, Jordan as well. The five of us were still in the green bedroom, calmly piecing everything together. Jordan knew things that Jack didn't, Jack knew things that I didn't, and poor Amala simply didn't know which way was up. 
             Not that she minded.
             We gathered around as Jack began to tell his side of the story, when things started to turn:
               "Dad sent you to Greycove when the people from Prayess started trying to get you back, more than usual. Apparently they'd been watching for a while, never forgetting what, or who, our Father had taken from them 9 years ago. When they made yet another reappearance, Dad sent you away, to Greycove."
                "So that's why you all pushed me to take the job...Why he wanted me to go a week early.." I trailed off, lost in thought.
                 Jack nodded and rubbed a comforting hand on my shoulder. "Yeah.. They were getting bolder, demanding your return. So Dad just... hid you."
                Jordan cut in, "We always wanted you back. But once you turned 18, we had suspicions that the serum you're Father had been using would not be strong enough to suppress your abilities any longer."
                 I nodded my head slightly.
                 "That serum... If he sent me to Greycove, then how would he continue giving me the...serum.. thing?"
              Jacks face hardened, "I take it Thomas already told you about it?"
              I nodded my head.
              "Your vitamins. Apparently he messed with your vitamins. That's why he wasn't worried about you finding out, even if you were away from home. You were taking the serum everyday without knowing."
              "Goddess..." I muttered. "Right.. I ran out a few weeks ago.."
             Jordan smiled, "Yet you found out anyways."
             My brother chuckled lightly at that.
             I watched him, "So, you and Leo are..?" I trailed off.
              Jack's smile faded. He cleared his throat, "Are not speaking. I tried to stop all of this Syl, I really did. But he wouldn't tell me certain details, he was convinced he and Dad were doing the right thing. I was only piecing it all together as I went. By the time I realized how serious-"
             "Jack, don't. Don't do that." I mumbled, giving him a gentle shove.
             After a minute or so, I asked the group quietly, "And Thomas is...?"
              "Dead." Miles finished.
              Amala shuddered.
               I nodded my head, not needing details. 
               Amala and Miles slowly stood up from their spots, deciding to take their leave. 
               "We're going to let you rest. Uh- your brother added both of our number to this." Miles placed my phone on the nightstand.
               "Call us when you wake up! I'll bring ya some dinner." Amala called from the door.
                The pair left after promising to come back once I had rested some more. Apparently I had been unconscious for a several hours, meaning it was late morning of the next day. 
                Jordan followed behind. 
               "Sylvia, sleep as long as you need. You will always have a bed and room here with your name on it. Prayess is still your rightful home,  should you ever need it." I smiled and nodded, watching the kind man leave through the door.
               Jack and I stayed in our spot, side by side on the bed with our legs stretched out in front of us. My throat tightened during the long silence, both of us privately lost in our own thoughts.
             "How could he do that...?" I asked in an empty voice. "Everyday, looking me in the eye. Knowing what he had done."
              He knew who I was talking about.
              "I don't know, Syl. I really don't. I.... I don't doubt that he ever loved you though. You really were apart of the family." He looked to me, "It's wasn't all a lie."
                I sighed, "...Do.. Do you really think he did it? Attack my home, take me, wipe my memories, and then just- just raise me as his own? Like nothing happened?" My voice shook.
               Jack stared at his knees blankly, "Yes."
              Tears flooded my eyes as I shook my head in disbelief, "No.. He couldn't.."
              "Syl..."
               "So what? What? He-He just lied to the entire pack, saying he just found me in the woods? Knowing no one would find my family because I came from Prayess?"
               Finally, the tears came. I couldn't cry earlier because none of the information even felt real. But now, now I was beginning to realize just how real it all was.
               Everything finally made sense and I hated it.
               I had been chasing the truth for months. And now that I found it, I wanted to run from it. This isn't the truth I had hoped for.
               "An-And then he just, he just went on? Kept the act up for years, slipping me that fucking serum so I'd never remember what he did? Or find out who I am? He- He just-"
                Jack pulled me into a hug.
               "It's okay, sis." He said in a heavy voice. "I know it hurts. The truth."
                I didn't bother trying to restrain my tears. Half of the emotional breakdown was out of relief. The knot that had been growing inside my gut since those damned seeds sprouted in my fist had finally come undone. 
                 The other half was of hurt. How could my Dad do this? Lie to me for so long? He was the source of my parent's absence, the entire time. He kept me as leverage, threatening my life every time my people tried to get me back.
              "I have to tell you something."
               My stomach dropped. 
              Jack continued as he held me in a protective hug. "Something I found out from Jordan, when he and I were speaking earlier today."
              More tears left my eyes, "What is it?"
              His arms tightened, "Dad- Aiden... killed your Mother and Father."
              I was silent in his arms. 
             "I know you already knew about his attack on Prayess... And the odds of their survival were low, but Jordan confirmed it. Aiden killed them himself." He spoke lowly.
                I squeezed my eyes shut against his shirt. As awful as it was, I wasn't surprised. I knew the chances of their survival were low. 
               The growing anger inside of me suddenly subsided. Now, something else filled me - Denial.This has to be a misunderstanding, right?
               Leo wouldn't go along with this.
               Maybe I am an Elemental, but Dad wouldn't go this far, he wouldn't.
              "Syl?"
               I pulled away, masking my raging emotions. "I want to go talk to him. I'm sure this is all just-"
                Jack turned me to face him, "Absolutely not. I'm sure word has gotten back to him by now, if you go to him he won't let you leave."
                 "Jack, it's Dad. He-"
                 His eyes hardened, "Don't call him that. Clearly we don't know who he is. You're not going."
                 I frowned. "H-He wouldn't hurt m-"
                Anger twisted on my brothers face, "Sylvia!He would, He would hurt you! I'm sure he already has some warriors out and looking for you right now. You're not going. That's final."
               I was surprised at Jack's strong and authoritative tone. He rarely used his Beta command.
               I shook my head, "His warriors wouldn't attack me. T-Theyre my pack mates, I grew up with these people. They know who I am. A-And once I see Dad, we can just talk. He'll explain-"
                "You are his and the Pack's protection from Prayess. If you go back, he won't let you go again, Syl. You're not going to see Dad or Leo. We can figure something out together later on, but not right now."
              I huffed. Silence filled the room before I spoke again.
             "I know it all makes sense but I can't bring myself to really believe it. There has to be some sort of misunderstanding, Jack. There has to be."
             His face softened, "I'm sorry, Syl. But you and I both know this is the truth."
             I blinked away the tears.
            He's wrong. 
            He has to be wrong.
            This can't be the truth. 
             He ruffled my hair. "Sleep for a bit, okay? You need to heal more and just mentally rest. Yesterday was... a lot. For all of us."
               I nodded my head as he stood. "Alright."
              "Love you, Syl. Sleep, then we'll have some dinner, okay?" Jack intentionally used a softer voice as he went to stand by the white bedroom door. "Are you okay?"
               "Yeah... Love you too." I answered with as much of a smile as I could give.
                My brother nodded, smiled, and shut the door. As soon as it clicked shut behind him, I bolted out of the bed.


Part 48

              Have I mentioned how much I love my readers? Cause I love my readers. Remember to vote and comment! Tell me your thoughts and/or predictions!!!Buckle up bitches, this chapter is straight bananas. —————————— THANK YOU —————————-
                I practically leapt from the bed when Jack closed the door behind him.
               I felt determined. Determined to find my Father, and hear him tell me that this theory is not true. He can explain it all - Then everything will go back to normal. I'm sure Jack simply missed a vital piece of the story here.
              I forced down the anger at what Jack, Jordan, and Thomas had revealed to me. 
              It can't be true.
             It's not true.
             I'll prove that it's not true.
            My anxiety rose within me as I thought back to the information that had been revealed to me. What Jorden and Jack claimed our Father had done.
             Not only did he end my parents, but he took what my life could have been. He took a part of me. And worst of all, was that he hid what he had done. And he had the nerve to keep me as his own and label himself the hero.
              No. No way.
              Its not true. It can't be true.
             It's a misunderstanding.
              I threw on a random thick coat and zipped it up. At the sink, I scrubbed my hands and forearms, washing away small smears of dirt and dried blood. Looking in the mirror, I grimaced.
               Dark circles graced my under eyes, as well as dirt, a bright red bruise, and a cut forming on my upper cheekbone. My hair was disheveled as it tumbled down my back.
             For a second, I stilled, staring in the mirror.Is this what I looked like 9 years ago? When they found me in the woods? 
             I recalled the retelling of the story. How my Dad had "found" me in the woods, dirty and covered in smears of blood. But now, a new perspective of the story had been introduced. 
             Was he really the savior, rescuing the poor lost little human girl in the woods? Taking her in as his own, into his warm home and family....?
              It always bothered me when the elders would recall how I was covered in blood when Dad brought me back. I never understood it - Why was I covered in blood but not injured?
            Panic rose inside me.
            Panic rose inside me, because it started to make even more sense. It was becoming hard to deny.
             I wasn't lost in the woods for days. I was abducted. I was covered in splatter of blood because he had just attacked my home, killing all of the friends and family who stood in his way. With his loyal warriors at his side, the pack would never know what they had just done, or who they had slaughtered.
              Mom and Dad.
              My people.
              With a sudden sob, I shook my head aggressively in the mirror.
             No!
             No, there's a misunderstanding somewhere, I know it. This isn't true - its not. I mean it can't be.
             It's not true.
             Biting my lip to quiet my cries, I creaked open the door and peered into the hallway. The place was homey and warm. Pictures hung on the wall of large groups, each face smiling. Different rugs covered the hardwood floor, and low chattering could be heard from somewhere in the house.
            It reminded me of our own Pack House, but a little more personal and cramped.
            Thanks to the rugs, my steps were silent. As I went, the hushed speaking became clearer.
           "So we kill him."
            I recognized Jack's voice first. "I would have thought you'd jump at the opportunity, giving what took place 9 years ago."
            "Despite his many sins against us, murder upon sight isn't the answer." Jordan's wise and soft voice spoke.
             I heard my brother scoff, "We might not get an opportunity like this again. Our men have reported that he's off his own territory as we speak, looking for my sister. If you don't kill him, I will."
             My ears perked.
             He's not in Blackwater?
             Where is he?
             Jorden stood, "No. We act together. Don't-"
             The two continued to maturely voice their disagreements as I slipped by quietly. Their voices faded as I located the front door. Pulling it open, I stepped outside.
              Determination filled me as my feet thudded on the cold ground. I walked straight back into the woods, somehow feeling certain in the direction I was headed.
               My entire walk back to Greycove was long and cold, but my mind distracted me from that. I thought about my parents the whole way. 
              Did they suffer?
              Who were they?
              Once I started, I couldn't stop. Millions of new thoughts and questions flooded my head.
               How many died in the attack?
               What does Leo know? 
               Where's Alarick?
                I was on autopilot, making my way through the woods. Stepping over logs, dead branches, and rocks along the way, my stomach twisted and turned, convincing myself that I just needed to talk to my Dad.
               I just need to clear this up.
               I wanted to believe that this was all simply one massive misunderstanding. Somewhere in this mess, is a disconnect. There has to be. Maybe we don't have the full story? Maybe we're wrong? 
           After a long time of walking and over thinking, I began to recognize some of the trees I passed. This was Greycove territory.
           I forced my aching legs into a jog when I recognized the familiar clearing that led to my guest house. Exiting the forest, I saw it. 
            I furrowed my brow at the light on inside.
            I never leave lights on.
            Disregarding it, I approached and entered the house quickly. I needed my car keys. Earlier in the month, Elijah provided me with keys to a communal car, shared for Pack related duties.
            This counts, right?
             I loudly rummaged through the junk drawers. Where'd I put it?! Turning, I headed to the staircase. It must be-
             "There's my girl!"
              I froze.
             "Goddess, I've missed ya. Geez, did you grow?" His voice was lighthearted and cheerful, contrasting my own emotions.
              I turned around to face him. 
              My Dad, Aiden, stood tall and strong. He looked the exact same and it terrified me. The same face that tucked me into bed every night, the one who forced me to eat all my vegetables. 
             The same one who slaughtered my family.
             My real family.
             Somehow, finally looking at him in person did it. All of my denial - it was gone. My defiance to accept the truth completely vanished from within me. Somehow, seeing him in person simply confirmed everything inside my head. There were no more hopeful doubts as I realized I had already found the truth. 
            And I swear that my heart shattered in that moment. Looking at his face, I knew. 
            Tears welled up in my eyes as my stomach turned in a sickening way. 
            "D-Dad...!"
            He grinned like a fool, "It's been way too long kiddo. You alright?"
             I stared back at him.
            "Hey, let's go for a car ride. You look freezing!" He grabbed my thick winter coat off the couch and stepped closer.
            When he did, I took several backward.
             I watched him notice my steps, lick his lips, and jut the coat outward again, "Here."
             "Is it true?" My voice came out hollow.
             He kept the act up, and gave a small confused smile, "What? L-Let's speak in the car, get the heaters going for ya."
             When he took another step, I took another one back and he froze.
             He gave a short, dry laugh, "Syl, come on now. We'll have a nice long talk in the car, yeah?"
             I shook my head. "Do- Did you know a man named Thomas? From here, Greycove?"
             My Dad's smile faltered for a second, "I don't believe so. Although if I recall correctly, that's the Beta of this Pack, right?"
             Liar.
             He lowered his outstretched hand holding the coat and went to the door, taking his own one off the hook and putting it on. 
             I watched him, still frozen to my spot. I wanted to go find him myself and demand the truth, but he found me first. And now that he was here, the feeling of dread in my gut settled.
             I don't need to ask for the truth anymore.
            "Sylvia Grace, come on. Let's get this show on the road." He said in a stern yet playful voice.
            From the corner of my eye I saw him standing at the door, waiting.
            "You're going to need a coat, S-"
            "How can you stand there?" I asked him in a monotone voice.
             He hesitated, "We'll talk in the ca-"
            "I'm not getting in your fucking car." I said.
            My Dad looked away for a second before wiping his nose, "I really hoped this could have gone smoothly."
              He took a step closer and again, I stepped away from his approach, making him stop.
              "Sweetie, you're going to get in the car one way or another." He said to me.
               I shook my head as he stepped closer, "No. No, w-we can talk here."
               My Dad sighed.
               "I really don't want to force you." He said.
               He took several more steps and I backed away, maintaining a good distance between us. 
               Jack was right.
               He said Dad wouldn't let me go.
              Why didn't I listen to him?
              Jack was right, and now what?
               "I also really don't want to have to hurt you."
               My eyes snapped back to his. 
              "Hurt me they way you hurt my parents?", The low words tumbled out of my mouth before I could stop them.
               His eyebrows dropped down on his face and then he scoffed. "I don't know what lies you've been-"
              "Don't." I interjected.
               He shook his head, "You're too young to understand, sweetie. Let's go home, talk it-"
              "No. We talk here."
               My Dad sighed loudly and stuffed his hands into his pockets, frustrated. 
               But I knew that discreet move, and I knew exactly what item he was reaching for in his pocket.
               Just like Thomas.
               I bolted towards the door.
               Before even making it past the couch, My Dad tackled me. We crashed against the hardwood floor, knocking over the end table next to us, shattering a lamp and glass.
               "Dammit Sylvia." He muttered.
                I panicked.
                "Get off! Get off!" I screamed as I thrashed around under him.  
                 I could barely hear him over my own yelling, but I heard the muffled commands like "Stop yelling.", "Don't make me-", and "I swear to Goddess if you don't-"
                Finally his hand came to roughly clamp over my mouth, silencing my screams in a painful grip. He brought his face to my own and stared into my watering eyes. 
               "Sweetie, you're choosing to do this the hard way. And I don't want you to make me hurt you."
                I sobbed against his hand.
               "Get in the car or I make you get in the car."
                I closed my eyes as tears fell.
                It was terrifying, seeing how someone you loved your whole life could really end up being something else - something entirely different. I had never heard my Father threaten me before. The deadly ice in his voice simply reminded me of what he's capable of. 
                  "Now, are you going to cooperate?", his voice was unrecognizable.
                   See, a smart person would. This is the part where a smart person would recognize that I couldn't out run him. Couldn't out-fight him. They would recognize that now is the time to submit before things got even worse.
                  I am not a smart person.
                  Just as I did to Thomas less than 24 hours ago, I freed my hand from under him and dragged my long nails down his face, hard.
                  He didn't make any noise like Thomas had. Instead he flinched backward, as blood sprouted from the red angry lines across his face.
                 I used those seconds to scamper out from under him and dash to the door. Whipping it open, I leapt off the porch. 
                 Practically crashing into Olivia.
                 Her now blue head of hair bobbed and she jumped a few steps back, eyes wide and questioning.
                 "Woah, Sylvia!" She laughed.
                 I ignored her, and looked back to the door where my Father now stood, disheveled and staring me down. The scratch marks on his face were red and angry.
                 Olivia assessed my face, eyeing my tear stained cheeks suspiciously, "Is everything okay here? Who are you?"
                 I noticed how she shifted her feet ever so slightly, now facing my dad while standing in front of me. A protective stance.
                 He flashed an apologetic smile to her, "Yes, dear. Sylvia's Father, Alpha of Blackwater. Unfortunately we have some urgent family matters to attend."
                 I panted, eyes still locked on his.
                Olivia's head darted between the two of us, reading the atmosphere. "Oh... I'm sorry, but I actually need to talk to Sylvia really fast. Privately, it's kind of urgent."
                 I knew she was covering for me, she didn't have anything we needed to discuss.
                 My Dad took a step off the porch stairs towards us, "I understand, but I'm afraid it will have to wait. We need to go-"
                 She cut him off and boldly took a few steps closer to him, "I don't think she wants to go. But you can come back later."
                 I watched his eyes darken, glaring at my friend, "Stand down, pup."
                 I have to go with him.
                 I can't drag Olivia into this too.
                "Liv, go bac-" I started. 
                I watched in horror as my Dad shoved Olivia aside roughly. She caught herself and growled,  pouncing and jabbing him in the gut with a loud, heavy punch. 
                He doubled over with a slight cough, and looked up at her with a vicious snarl, "You shouldn't have done that."
                Before I could even move, He swung a fat fist to the side of her head, knocking her out instantly. I let out a scream - one he immediately silenced with his hand.
                His wild eyes bore into my own, "How many more until you comply?"
                My eyes strained to look at her limp body, which now had blood dripping from her nose.
               Is she dead?
               Did he-
               Laughter and shouts from afar sounded across the fields. Pack training is out and finished. That's why she was coming to see me. 
               His hand on my mouth tightened painfully, as if to get my attention. 
                "Next person to come here gets far more than a little punch. You choose. Car or stay?"
                I nodded my head vigorously, thinking of how Nate or Ericks would sometimes visit after training. 
                With a hand covering my mouth and the other painfully locked around my arm, he dragged me to his black van.
               How fitting.
                I groaned when he roughly tossed me inside, locking the doors immediately. I sat up to stare at him through the rear view mirror as he climbed in and started the car.
                 He glanced at me and smiled, "Alrighty, sweetie. What did you want to talk about?"


Part 49

             "D-Did you-... Is she dead?!" I asked in a loud shaking voice as the car quickly pulled away from the guest house driveway.
             My widened eyes were still locked on Olivia's figure, lying on the ground.
            His intense eyes flashed to mine with sadness in the mirror, "Is that what you think of me now, Sylvia? Just a murderer?"
            I didn't hesitate, "Yes."
           He closed his eyes for a moment before refocusing on the road. "Did I not raise you? Did I not give you love, a warm home, and a bed?"
           "You gave me a home right after you destroyed mine, yes."
            For a long moment, he was silent.
            "You don't want to hear my side of the story?"
            "You killed my parents."
             He shook his head with a defeated sigh, "And it still haunts me to this very day, my dear. You truly have no idea."
             Tears pricked in my eyes as the horrible accusations were confirmed - He wasn't even denying it. Fear swirled in my stomach every mile we drove away from Greycove. 
             Away from Alarick.
             Alarick. 
             I forced out the longing for his presence.
             "I did what I had to do for the safety of our Pack. For the safety of all Packs, Sylvia. It was a sacrifice."
              I gripped the door handle as the tears kept coming and tried to open it again, foolishly hoping it had magically unlocked.
              "Y-You attacked my home. You took me from them!" My words blubbered out.
               His face looked pained, "I had to. You don't know what I've seen. I know what happens to groups that have too much power, they-"
               "Shut up! Shut up!" I yelled over him.
               I have to get out.
               I need to go before he uses that serum.
              "I won't." He bellowed. "You need to grow up, and accept the past. I stomped out that group because they had an unfair power, an Elemental, that ruined the natural balance of things."
               I let out a sarcastic laugh of disbelief as I cried, "Y-You killed my parents and abducted me because of u-unfairness?!" 
               "Don't be stupid, I raised you better than that." He argued. "I took you and your abilities because you gave one group, one pack, a greater power than any other. It wasn't safe. The Packs must be equal!"
                He said it in a frustrated voice, as if it was all so obvious, like he couldn't understand why I was understanding his words.
                Now, I knew what Jack meant. 
                My Father genuinely believed that what he had done was justified.
                "You know this, Sylvia! You know that wolves need order! They need an Alpha. Just like an Alpha needs a Beta. And a Beta needs a Gamma!"
                I shook my head, "We aren't wolves! You can't compare that-"
                "But every group needs order!" His voice was loud and strained.
                "No! The Moon Goddess created Elementals to protect her land! Just as she created the Alpha to protect her wolves!"
                 He shook his head with a sad knowing laugh, "Sweetie, you don't understand. You're just a human."
                  Despite the anxiety, I glared at him as we drove through the woods, "I'm not just a human. I'm an Elemental."
                  He gazed at the road, "We'll fix that."
                  His words gave me goosebumps.
                 "We will fix it the way we've always fixed it. You won't remember these past few weeks. We'll go back to Blackwater and be a happy family, no powers, no Prayess." He trailed off, talking to himself.
                  My gut twisted at the thought.
                  I have to get out.
                  "I'm n-not taking that serum."
                  He simply watched the road. "Do you need more heat back there?" He asked, fiddling with the little knobs. "Are you still cold?"
                  "You can't make me take it!" I yelled at him, his ignoring me fueling my anger.
                   "I-If you take me back to Blackwater, I'll never stop trying to run from you. I swear I'll never stop fighting you!" I spat out. 
                   He shook his head, "You won't remember these past two months, Sylvia. And it's okay that you won't remember. Because you'll have us, your family right there with you, okay?"
                  "You are not my family. You killed my family." I said. "Y-You killed them and now you're scared of me."
                  That struck a nerve.
                  His eyes snapped to mine in the mirror.
                  "I do not fear you, Sylvia."
                  I scoffed, "You're terrified. The idea of a group having more power than you scares you so much, you take measures this extreme." 
                   His nostrils flared.
                   "Look at yourself. You left your Pack, trespassed onto another, injured one of their pack members. All out of fear."
                 "Shut your mo-"
                  "You're pathetic!" 
                  "Quiet!" He yelled, shaking the car. 
                  I have to get out.
                  I need him to stop the car.
                  I kept going despite the trembling in my hands, "You're a small Alpha who's afraid of a small girl because she threatens your small pack!" 
                  My Father slammed on the brakes, making the large car screech to a sudden halt. I jerked into the chair in front of me. 
                  "You know what? I don't need to listen to this shit. We're doing this now." His voice boomed as he unbuckled himself and left the car. I noticed his hand reaching into his pocket as he came around to my side of the car. 
                  He pulled out a small syringe. 
                  I have to get out.
                  I blindly threw my body into the front seat, roughly landing on my hip with a yelp before swinging my legs around. Then I slammed my foot down onto the gas. 
                 Within a second, the tires were spinning on the ground, screaming to life before suddenly jerking forward. He had just opened the back door, which slammed shut as the car bursted into movement. I heard him screaming my name as the car took off down the road.
                  The car took off at a frightening speed on the unpaved road. Dust and small rocks blew in the rear view mirror as I hunched over the wheel, praying my father couldn't catch up. 
                  After a minute, my shoulders relaxed. I exhaled a big breath I had been painfully holding in my chest.
                  Holy shit.
                  I continued to look over my shoulder and in the rear view mirror, slightly not believing what I had just done.  
                 Holy shit.
                 I stole Dad's car.
                 No, I stole Aiden's car.
                I wanted to slap myself every time I called him Dad. I slightly loosened my grip on the wheel as I eased up on the gas, no longer maintaining a dangerous and reckless speed.
                 I glanced out the window, briefly eyeing the blurry trees as I drove. More than half of me expected to see his wolf form, angrily chasing after me. Or at least following behind the car. A sinking feeling settled in my gut as I realized something. 
                 He wouldn't just let me go like this.
                 He wouldn't allow me to-
                 My inner thoughts were cut off.
                 Something slammed into the back corner of the car, shifting the tires into an out of control skid. In those seconds, I desperately turned the wheel with harsh tugs, and screamed when I felt the car suddenly slam into a tree. 
                  As soon as I blinked open my tightly sealed eyes, I knew. It was Aiden, he had stopped me from getting away from him. 
                 My head throbbed painfully.
                 Smoke rose up from under the hood of the car, as well as clouds of dust from the dirt road. The ringing in my ears faded as I focused on the little alarms going off in the car, telling me I had been in a crash.
               A loud sigh caught my attention.
               I hazily turned my aching head as he approached. Out of breath, I watched him unlock and open my car door through the shattered driver side window.
              "I wish you'd stop making all of this so difficult, Syl." He said. "I really don't want to have to hurt you."
               "Maybe you could just leave me alone." I grunted out in pain. My neck felt stiff, and little pangs of pain were traveling up to my scalp.
               His hand pushed hair behind my ear, "No can do, pup." He smiled lovingly. 
                Yep. He's insane.
                I scowled.
               "Here we go." He grunted as he lifted me from the car and set me on the ground, sitting me against a tree.
                "I'll have to call a pack member to pick us up." He sighed casually, like all of this was just a normal Thursday. 
                  I stared at him in fear. No Alpha in their right mind would do any of this, not unless they wanted to start a war. Aiden had trespassed onto another Pack's territory, attacked and injured one of their members, and then endangered his own Pack member by asking them to come pick him up. Which they would have to say yes too. 
                  How did I never notice?
                  How long had he been losing his grip on common sense and logic?
                 When did it start?
                  I glared at him. So much fear and anger boiled up inside me, I felt like I was about to somehow explode. One part of me wanted to rip his head off, slowly. The other wanted to cry and run as far away as I possibly could.
                  I settled somewhere in the middle.
                  Aiden ended his phone call with a tired huff before turning to me, "Well kiddo, we'll have to wait for Elias to bring us a car."
                  "I'm not going with you." I spat.
                  "Don't start that again." He sighed, bored.
                 "Just leave me! Go back before they catch you, I'll stay he-!" I was practically begging him as my head throbbed. 
                 "You're coming back to Blackwater." He mumbled as he checked his watch casually.
                  "I won't do anything! You don't have to-"
                  "Your abilities are a threat to my Pack. So instead of eliminating said threat, I'll just take you back home. You should be happy."
                  His words twisted my stomach. 
                  "You're sick!" I spat out the words with hate, "Somethings wrong with y-"
                  In a flash he appeared in front of me. His arm was across my neck, pushing further into my throat. I coughed and sputtered, but could still breathe. It was a warning.
                  "I strongly suggest you submit." He leaned in as he spoke to me, "One more brave act like earlier, and you and I are going to have issues."
                  His unfamiliar icy voice sent chills down my spine. But who was I kidding? I don't know this man. I don't think I ever knew him.
              Aiden withdrew his arm from my throat suddenly, and I fell forward on my knees, coughing.
               He laughed lightly and backed away from me, "Goddess... I'm sorry. I'm sorry, sweetie."
               I responded with a hard glare.
              "I'm going to make this easier on both of us and just get the hard part over with, okay?" He asked in a gentle voice, completely contrasting his previous one.
               I watched as he once again pulled the syringe from his pocket.
              More tears flowed down my face as I watched him; I knew I couldn't get away again. 
             The car was totaled. 
             I can't outrun him. 
             We're deep in the middle of the woods. 
             And no one knows where I am.
             I let my emotions and denial determine my actions. I didn't try to trust Jack or Jorden, despite how much sense their theory made. I refused, and now got myself into this situation. 


Part 50

           I felt my face pale in fear as he produced the same syringe from his pocket once again. Eyes locked on the weapon and still sitting on the forest floor, I quickly scooted back from him until my back met a tree.
           "Alright honey, let's try this again." He reached his hand out to me, fully expecting me to cooperate. "Try not to move. You have to be very still for this to work."
            I stared at him with wide eyes.
            Is he kidding?!
           "D-Don't come near me." My voice shook.
            Aiden's gaze hardened.
           "Goddess above....Can't you see that I'm not going to hurt you, Sylvia!? Come here. Now." He demanded harshly. 
            I continued my stare in pure disbelief. 
            Not going to hurt me...?
            Wasn't he choking me a minute ago?!
            He really is insane.
            "I'm losing my patience, pup. Stop making this a massive deal, you'll only loose your memories of all this.... Greycove..crap. We'll go home."
             Tears pricked my eyes as I frantically looked around for an escape from him. I can't run from him. I can't overtake him. 
              What do I do?
             "This is your last chance before I force you, Sylvia." He said in a deep voice.
             I have nowhere to run. 
            "Sylvia..!" He warned.
             Panic flooded my veins.
            What do I do?
            "Answer me!" He yelled.
            He stomped towards me and darted a hand out, grasping a fistful of my hair. I cried out in pain as he dragged me away from the safety of the tree I had been leaning against.
             The tree.
             The realization hit me like a truck. I had my own weapon here the whole time. But I only just discovered the ability. And I barely know how to control it al all. 
              He let go of me and took a few steps back. I eyed the nature around me as he struggled to attach the needle to the syringe. 
            What do I do?
             Focus, I have to focus. 
             The 'click' of the needle snapping into place sounded. He flicked the syringe with a hard stare before looking to me. 
               "Don't move." His voice was ice. 
                Again, a hand thrusted out and harshly gripped my arm, claws piercing my skin and holding me in place. I winced, squirming as he brought the needle to me.
               "Don't!" I yelled, "Don't!" 
               At the last moment as he closed in on me, I continued my pathetic fight against him, squeezing my eyes shut as I struggled. I desperately prayed to the Goddess out of pure fear. 
               I don't want to forget! 
               I don't want him to take me again!
               Alarick!
               When I felt the tiny sharp tip of the needle touch me, I screamed.
               I heard a strange sound, but didn't open my eyes and couldn't silence my sobs. I waited to feel the needle fully go in, the little prick increasing as he injected the serum. I waited for my head to go blank, to forget why I was out here.
               When nothing happened, I quieted down. I noticed Aiden's movements suddenly halt, and peeled open my wet eyes. He still stood in front of me, mouth hanging open in shock. His tight grip on my arm lessened, and I scooted back on my hands quickly. 
                 He.. He let go of me?
                 I looked at the syringe in his hand.
                 It's still full...
                 What's he doing?
                 I gasped when I saw a small trail of blood drip down from his gaping mouth. He dropped to his knees, still staring at me in shock. 
                Then, I looked down.
                His white button up shirt was stained a deep red. A thin, wet branch sprouted from his chest, stretching towards me. I stared at it, still trying to wrap my head around what exactly I was seeing.
               The tree that was a few feet behind us, was now much closer. It's dark branches had stretched out towards our spot on the cold ground, answering my inner pleas. One piece of the tree in particular trailed towards us. Towards Aiden.
                The tree had pierced through him.
                That was me.
                I did that.
                My stomach churned sickeningly. 
                I slowly covered in my mouth horror as I stared at the tree branch stabbed through his chest.
               His bottom lip, coated in blood, quivered as if he were trying to speak. He fell forward on his knees, one hand on the ground while the other covered the bleeding injury.
              "Oh..! Oh Goddess!" I gasped out as he crumbled in front of me.
              He coughed on his blood.
              I quickly scrambled to my feet and backed even further away from him.
               "Y-You...fuc-" he gargled the words out, slightly raising his head to look at me.
              His eyes were black with rage.
              And even fatally wounded, his Alpha strength showed through. I turned to run. He scooted himself forward and darted a hand out, latching onto my ankle. 
              I crashed into the forest floor hard, and instantly started trying to rip my ankle from his tight hold. His grip was strong, yet sloppy. After many panicked fueled kicks, his fingers slipped off.
              I ran.
              "Sy.... Sylviaa!" His shaky voice roared behind me, echoing through the woods. 
               The pain in my head throbbed. My bruised neck was on fire. Something else hurt, but I couldn't remember where else I had been injured. As I ran, I couldn't bother to focus on the pain.
               I pushed my legs further, literally running on adrenaline. He's not only a Werewolf, but an Alpha. I knew he could catch me if he wanted. But I didn't know if I had caused enough damage. 
              Is he going to die?
              Did I kill him?
               I didn't look back to check.
               I pushed my legs further. 
               Far ahead, I saw three blurry forms speeding toward me in the distance. Wolves.
               I knew it was him.
               My eyes locked onto Alarick's and I ran harder, motivated by the sight of him. 
              "Alarick!" I cried out.
              One of the wolves slowed down significantly, while the other two continued their race.  
               Alarick and the other wolf ran right towards me, their heavy paws practically shaking the ground. But at the last moment, when he was just close enough to touch, he darted past me. I whipped my head around to watch him dash away.
               "Alarick!" I called out as he ran past.
               I turned around to run after him but something physically stopped me.
               The third wolf that had slowed down, who I could now see was Jack, pushed his long nose under my leg, roughly throwing me up onto his back.
             "Wha-!" I grabbed onto my brother's fur before I could fall off.
             Jack suddenly took off, taking me away from the wolves and Aiden, and deeper into the woods.
              "No- No, go back!" I yelled to my brother over the wind as he ran, "Jack!". 
              I looked over my shoulder at the two wolves, watching Alarick as he disappeared into the sea of trees I had just run out of.
              They're going to get Aiden.
              It rattled me. Seeing him, being within arms reach for a moment only for him to run off. Somehow, I felt like I needed his presence. I felt anxious and scared, which was somewhat lessened by my brothers presence, but I still longed for Alarick's. 
              I forced myself to look away from where they ran off to, burying my head in Jack's fur. 
              We ran for a long time, until eventually stopping somewhere deep in the woods. He slowed to a stop and I slid off his back, immediately raising a hand to my throbbing head.
              Jack walked away to shift and dress.  
              "We...We need to go help them." I mumbled, feeling my adrenaline wear off.
              "No. No what we need, is for you to stay fucking put!" My brother spat.
               He emerged from behind a tree with an angry glare directed at me. I sighed. Of course he's mad, he has every right to be.
               "I'm sorry." I said.
               Jack rubbed his face with a sigh. 
               "You should be sorry, Sylvia. You have no clue how worried I was. I thought Aiden had gotten a hold of you. Hell, I was right." He spoke angrily as he gestured to my injuries.
              I rubbed my head.
              "What were you thinking?!"
              "I just... I had to see him for myself! I thought if- if I just let him explain himself, or if I told him-"
              "What, Sylvia?" He snapped, " What did you think was going to happen? Huh? Did you think I was kidding? Or that we made it all up for shits and giggles?!" 
             I shook my head, "No! No, I.. I don't know!" 
            My brother glared at me.
            "Its not that I think you lied..." I said.
            "Then why, after we told you how dangerous it was, did you run away to go find Aiden? After nearly dying, Sylvia. You nearly died a few hours ago."
            He said the last part softer.
            I hung my head in shame. I didn't think of how my actions would affect the others, and Jack scolding me made me realize it. 
            I thought of Amala and Miles.
            Even Jorden.
            "I... I don't know. I don't know, I was praying that somehow there was a misunderstanding. I couldn't wrap my head around our Da.. that Aiden.. had done all those things.." I muttered. "I know all the pieces now make sense, I know it's the truth. I know all of that, but..."
             Jack looked up at me from the forest floor, "Well... What about now? Now can you see that what we said is true? That he really did attack Prayess, kill your people, take you, and cover himself up by using that serum shit."
             I covered my face with my hands and groaned, "I still can't understand it. He..He's our Dad, Jack. How? How can he-"
              "It's alright, sis." He sighed. "I... I had a really hard time accepting it too.."
             I leaned against a tree.
             The two of us were quiet for a moment.
             "Jack?"
             "Hm?"
             "You're... You're really certain? About Dad? And everything he's done?" I asked quietly.
             He nodded, "I'm sorry, Syl."
             "How long have you known?"
             Jack looked around, "It's... complicated. I started picking up little details here and there. It took a long time for me to finally piece together all of it. Leo's very good at keeping things quiet." He growled out the last part. 
               I frowned. 
               I hadn't even begun to fully accept Leo's involvement quite yet. I was still here trying to process Aiden's. 
              With the rush of adrenaline now gone, my injuries were screaming. The muscles in my neck ached, and my head was pounding. Even the bruised cut from Thomas's slap the other day was on fire. 
              My brother lifted my chin and I winced. His brows furrowed, "Geez, Syl... You look like crap." 
              I scowled, "Thanks."
              He checked out my head before muttering to himself about 'ice packs' and 'rest'. Then he went and sat down against a thick tree stump.
              I sat next to him, "What about Mom? Did she know? And Leo knows, so does Lila know now too? An-And our Pack, none of them knew what he really did when he found me?"
             "Let's not get into all of it. You're hurt."
             "Jack, tell me."
              "I don't k- Ow!" 
               My hand stung as I smacked his head.
               Jack dramatically held his completely not-injured head and stared at me with wide, accusing eyes. "Wha...! What the hell, woman?!"
               "Tell the truth!" I said.
                "You don't need to worry ab-"
                I smacked him again. 
                "Agh! Sylvia!"
               "Don't you dare lie to me!" I pointed my finger at his face, "Don't you dare hide anymore stuff from me! Enough with all of that!"
                His face softened a bit and he sighed, "Fine.. Okay. No more abuse."
                "I know it's hard to explain everything.. But just try. Please." I asked.
                I'm done with them hiding information.
               Maybe I should start hitting people...
               "Okay... Fine. Let's see.." He slung an arm around me, "Uh... I don't know about Mom. Honestly, I haven't seen much of her lately. Leo knows what Aiden did. He just about told me nothing, so I'm assuming Lila doesn't know much either. The Pack has no knowledge, aside from the handful of warriors who helped him invade all those years ago. They can't confess if it's an Alpha order not to... Even if they could, I'm sure he lied to them. Telling his warriors some lie about Prayess to justify their attack."
              "... And Thomas..?" I asked.
              He sighed, "Thomas was working with Aiden. Apparently he was offered Leo's Beta position if he could assist in getting the serum to you. That's why he was always hanging around you, or sneaking around the house."
              "He was trying to slip it to me..." I finished Jack's thought in realization. 
              That night..
              When Alarick attacked him..
              "Eventually Alarick caught on. Then he and I started communicating."
              I leaned into my brother, soaking in all of the information he was spewing. "I thought I was going insane. I thought I was starting to imagine things." I muttered to him.
              Jack looked to me.
              "The little things, like my phone going missing, doors left ajar, seeing Amala, suspicions of Thomas, and even this-" I raised a hand to a thin branch, willing the small plant to follow my finger, "- I really thought I was going crazy."
               He didn't reply for a minute, silently watching my hand manipulate the nature.
               "I'm sorry. For not telling you. And for not contacting you. Once I started to discover some of the shit Leo was hiding, I.. I didn't know who or what to believe anymore. I wanted to talk to you but I didn't even know what to say."
               I nodded my head.
               I knew exactly what he was talking about.               "Well. You can always trust me." I managed a small grin and nudged his shoulder.
                Jack nudged me in return and stood. He turned around to help me up, "You need to get all those injuries cleaned."
               "I know." I sighed. "Let's go find Alaric-"
                My brother groaned and looked at me.
               "If I hear you say his name one more time-"
               I felt my face redden, "W-What? I didn't say his- I didn't say his name at-"
                Jack cut me off and began to run in place, mimicking me in a silly high pitched voice, "Alarick! Alarick! Ahh!"
                My eyes widened and I smacked his head.
                "Alari- Oof!"
                "Take me home, you asshole."
                 Jack laughed before shifting.
———————————————————————————
        Thank you for all of the Feedback on my story! :D Pretty please vote for my chapter and leave a comment, little readers! 
         Let me know your thoughts!


Part 51

            I maintained my silent treatment towards Jack the whole way home. I gripped his fur as he darted through the trees, and stubbornly avoided his gaze whenever he'd look over his shoulder at me.
           If he weren't in wolf form, I know damn well he'd be laughing.
           But I knew what he was doing, it's something he's done since we were kids. The teasing and poking fun was all an act to keep my mind off the problems at hand. He was worried and wanted to distract me, even if it meant pissing me off. 
           His eyes caught mine and I turned my head stubbornly. A low taunting bark sounded from him.
          "Shut it, Jack!" I said.
           It's not because his teasing was insulting, it's because his teasing was correct. I did have a crush. I think I had more than a crush. Far more. Alarick was all I could think of.
           And that confused me.
           Just as my winter coat was beginning to not be enough against the cold, we made it back to the house I had been staying in. I slid off of Jack's back and quickly went inside, anxious for the warmth.
           I heard giggling behind me.
           I'm gonna kill him.
           "Seriously?! Snickering?" I yelled at him.
            He joined me inside wearing a stupid, smackable, grin. "Sylvia has a crush!" 
             I huffed and turned away from him, taking off my coat. I paused by the window, staring at the gravel driveway. My mind went to Olivia.
             Is she okay?
             Someone must have found her..
             Where is she now?
             "Da.. Aiden attacked one of my friends when he was here earlier. He knocked her out." I told Jack, still looking out the window. 
               He answered me from the kitchen, "She's a wolf, right?" 
              "Yeah. Olivia, you met her once."
               "I'm sure she's okay. Her bond with the Pack would have alerted someone." He said.
               I nodded my head. "I guess.."
               "Sit down for a while, Syl. You gotta rest."
               Turning to look at Jack, I watched him pace the kitchen like a caged wolf. Well, being stuck babysitting while the others went after Aiden pretty much is being a caged wolf. 
              I knew that he was itching to go and re-join the others. And because he wasn't apart of this Pack, he couldn't just mind link Alarick to find out what was going on.
              "You can go, Jack. I'm good."
               He shook his head with a dry laugh, "Last time I left you, you ran off. I'm not falling for that again-"
               "I won't go anywhere! Honest."
               He stared at me for a moment, "Promise?"
               I nodded, "Yes. I need to clean up anyways. And sit. And... just lay down.." I sighed.
               My neck ached with every move I made. The cut on my cheek contributed to the horrible throbbing in my head.
               My brother nodded his head too. "You should. You barely healed after Thomas and now you're injured again."
               I felt a pang of guilt, "I know."
              "Okay. You keep these doors locked. I mean it, I'm not leaving the porch until I hear it lock behind me."
                I rolled my eyes.
                "And turn your ringer on on your phone. Keep it with you, okay?" He asked.
                "I know, I know."
                 Finally, he left once again. And of course, he didn't leave until he heard me lock the doors. I surely was not in the mood for any future scolding, so I took his advice and curled up on the couch.
              My body and mind were exhausted. 
              And as soon as my head hit the soft pillow on the couch, I was completely out.
              Sleep came, but it wasn't the peaceful kind.
              My dreams were vivid and haunting, as flashes of the past two days instantly flooded my mind. Thomas's crushing weight on my chest, his hands squeezing my neck as I try to fight him off. Aiden, my own Father, chasing me through the woods with the threat of wiping my memories. Watching him hurt Olivia and not being able to do a thing about it. I even dreamt of that damned little syringe.
              But most of all, I dreamt of forgetting. I dreamt of Aiden pinning me down and forcing the needle into my side. I dreamt of myself feeling lost and alone, with no memories at all. I dreamt I had no name to call out for help; I couldn't remember any name at all. An enemy, a friend, anyone - but my brain produced nothing.
                Completely alone. 
                I wasn't even alone with my thoughts, because there were none. And suddenly, I was the little girl in the woods once again. Bloodied, alone and confused.  Looking down, I saw that my hands were the bloodiest.
               Did I do something? Did I hurt someone?
               But who? There's no one here?
               Where is here? Where am I?
               Who am I? 
               My breathing became labored. I tried to wipe the blood off my hands and onto my pants, but it only spread to my clothes.
              Why is there so much blood?
              Why won't it come off?
              I want it off, I didn't do this!
              I didn't do anything!
               Then that woman's face came into view. The one from my dreams, Theia. She smiled down at me, "Sylvia.." she called, as if waking a child. "Wake up now, honey."
               "Sylviaa..."
               "Sylvia."
               My eyes flew open.
               I blinked tears away from my eyes. I suddenly bolted up, clutching my chest to keep my heart from pounded out of it.
              "Sylvia."
              I turned and caught my breath.
              "Alarick." I gasped.
              Part of me briefly wondered if I were still trapped in my dream. But there he was, sitting on the floor in front of the couch I laid on.
              I threw myself into his arms. He held me tight, almost painfully tight against himself, burrowing his head in my shoulder.
             "I have you." He muttered. "I have you now."
              I greedily soaked in all of the warm comfort hat was radiating off of him. He quickly pulled me off the couch and into his lap on the floor, cradling me against him.
              "You're here." I whispered.
               His arms tightened. "I'm here."
               "Stay." I said, "Don't leave."
               I felt his lips brush against my neck as he spoke, "Never." His breath fanned against me.
               My arms wrapped around his neck, holding him in place just in case he disappeared. Tears of relief pricked in my eyes. I didn't realize how much I missed him. Or how much I needed him.
                I exhaled a big breath slowly, like I couldn't until I saw him again.
               "I'm sorry I missed dinner." 
               He laughed lightly against me. I felt him pull away and bring his hands to my face, cradling my cheeks, "I'm sorry I took so long to find you." He spoke seriously.
                I rested a hand on his own that laid against my face, "But you came. You found me."
                Alarick's eyes searched my own. His playfulness was gone. "I thought I lost you, Sylvia."
                I winced. "I'm sorry. I-I wasn't thinking."
               "I thought Thomas had killed you. And then I found out you were okay and in Prayess. But when I got there, you had already left. Then I thought Aiden took you."
                I turned my face into his palm, wanting to be even closer, "I'm so sorry, Alarick." 
               He brought his face closer to mine, "I've never felt that kind of fear before."
               Fat tears pricked my eyes.
               I'd never seen or heard him so vulnerable before and it broke my heart. It was because of me.
               His serious gaze bore into my own, "Sylvia, never leave me. Don't ever leave me again."
               My breathe quickened and I nodded my head, "I promise."
               "I mean it. Stay. Stay here in Greycove. Stay with me." His hot breathe fanned my face.
               "Don't go home. Be with me."
                I felt like I was in a daze, locked up in his arms and warmth. I nodded again, "Okay."
                His lips met mine in an instant. Butterflies and tingles exploded within me as I instinctually wrapped my arms around his neck again. His own wrapped around my waist, pushing my back into the bottom of the couch. 
                 He broke the kiss and slightly pulled back from me, searching my eyes. My own hooded ones met his for just a moment before he quickly pulled me to him again. 
                 Our lips meshed together perfectly, even more perfect than how it felt when he held me. I didn't know it was possible to feel something so safe yet thrilling at the same time. 
                 My hands went to his hair and I trailed my fingers through his dark locks. He groaned into my mouth, swiping his tongue over my lips. I was completely lost in him. 
                  It was the most bizarre feeling. Thrilling, but also safe and familiar. Having him touch me, kissing and holding me like that wasn't an 'over-the-edge' type of excitement. It felt right. It felt natural. Like I was right where I belonged. Like I was finally where I should be.
                  His head dipped into my neck, peppering sweet kisses along the way. He stayed in one spot, on top of my shoulder, as he licked and kissed the area. I suppressed a moan at the sensations.
                 But when I felt the sharpness of his canines lightly graze the skin, my senses came back.
                 "Alarick." I said.
                 He paused, his head still tucked away into my shoulder. I felt the sharp teeth again.
                 "You can't." I whispered.
                 "I can." He growled. 
                  My eyes widened.
                 "But I'm not your..." 
                  He pulled away to look at me. 
                  As soon as I looked into his eyes, I realized. 
                  "You are." He finished for me.
                  I straightened my back and sat upright, facing him, "....How..? I'm just.."
                  My eyes widened even more. 
                  Humans can't have mates, it's impossible. Which is why I've been calling this obsession with Alarick just a crush all along. 
                  But...
                  I'm not a human. 
                  His hand brushed against my sore cheek, the cut Thomas left from his slap. Even just the touch of his thumb canceled out the pain, confirming my thoughts right then and there.
                   "You're mine." Alarick said. "We belong together." His hands caressed every curve, wandering to my back as he pulled me back into him.
                    I leaned into him, still in shock. 
                    I thought it wasn't possible...
                    I purposely ignored all the signs..
                    Now, the tears fell. 
                   "I-I'm your mate..?" I let out a breathy laugh. Of course I knew what mates are, but I had always known it to be impossible for me.
                    I thought I was human.                   He answered me by pressing his lips to my neck in a long kiss. I swallowed a moan and pulled away to look at him.
                   Alarick looked dazed as he stared back at me, "Of course you're mine. Do you know how long I've waited for you? Or the joy I felt when I first saw you in the study?"
                    I let out a breathy laugh.
                    I pushed my lips back to his roughly, and he immediately took over the kiss. It was urgent and needy, like we had to make up for lost time. All of my hushed desires and longing for him, it was all justified now. Now it made sense.
                    He pulled back.
                   "Let me mark you." He panted.
                   I stared back at him, out of breath.
                   "I can't lose you again like that. Please, my mark will make you stronger. I won't-"
                   "Alarick." I cut him off. "Mark me."
                    I had spent almost three months wanting him. Wanting him and telling myself it would never happen. Now, I was done with those thoughts. 
                    He stared at me for a moment before smiling, which made me smile. His mouth returned to my own in a sweet kiss, traveling back down to my shoulder. I shuddered, feeling his warm tongue on my sensitive skin.
                   Alarick kissed the skin there several more times before opening his mouth around me. Seconds later, I felt the painful sensation of his canines piercing my skin. I winced loudly, hissing through my teeth and he quickly retracted his own, peppering the inflamed area with kisses. 
                 He looked back to me, scanning my face in concern. "I'm sorry." He breathed across my face.
                  I cupped his stubble covered cheek and hesitated at what I was about to say.
                  "I love you."  I blurted out the words, "I think I've loved you for a while now."
                   As usual, Alarick's common blank facial expression gave nothing away. But his next words brought me to tears.
                   "You will never know how much I love you, Sylvia." He leaned in to kiss my cheek, my nose and chin, whispering about his love in between the gestures. "Stay with me."
                   I held him tightly.
                   Eventually Alarick released me. We had stayed on the floor, kissing, holding one another, and talking. After brushing the cut on my check once again, he stood and walked us over to the kitchen sink. There, he lifted me up onto the countertop, surprising me with a sudden kiss afterwards. It left me smiling as he got to work. 
                  He wetted a small cloth with warm water and rested a hand on my thigh. I watched him as he lightly rubbed my cheek, washing away the dried blood there. Then he wiped at my hairline, where I hit my head in the car. I closed my eyes as he cleaned  away the soil and blood.
                   It was almost funny, the whole situation. There I sat, smiling to myself and blushing like a little girl while Alarick looked murderous as he examined my injuries. His eyebrows were low and angry, setting his handsome face into a deadly scowl. 
                 I almost didn't notice that he had stopped the wiping and was then simply staring at me. 
                 "Why are you smiling?" He asked.
                 "I'm happy." I told him honestly. "You make me feel happy."
                  He watched me for a moment before his upper lip twitched into the worlds smallest smile. Then he ducked his head down, letting out a small chuckle. He looked back up and pressed a long kiss to my forehead.
                 "Are you feeling strong enough to shower?" He asked quietly, fingers brushing along the bruises on my neck. 
                I closed my eyes and leaned into his soothing touch, "I'd rather sleep. But I should."
               When I opened my eyes, he smiled.
                I grinned back and forced myself to take several steps away from him and his hypnotic touch. Much easier said than done. 
                 Somehow, the worst day of my life had turned into the best.  I had a mate. Alarick marked me, and now He's truly mine. I smiled like a fool as I  made my way up the stairs and straight into the shower.
                  In the shower, I thought hard. I wondered if Aiden were dead now. I also wondered about what Jack had witnessed and done once he had left my house.
                 Did he kill him himself?
                 Did he watch our Father die?
                 Does he know what I did?
                 Then I thought of Leo. Even his name hurt to think about. I missed my brother so much. I worried about him and what he had been through. The stress of discovering what Aiden did and trying to fix it. Part of me was angry, knowing he supported Aiden's plan to use the serum. It felt like a complete betrayal.
                  I pushed all of the thoughts of Leo from my mind and instead focused on rubbing the dirt from my skin.
                 When I finished and went back into my bedroom, Alarick was there. 
                  My mate sat on my bed, waiting. 
                 I didn't say anything, as I walked straight into his open arms. In one swift movement, He pulled me into the bed and flicked off the bedside light. I snuggled into him, basking in his warmth.
                "I love you, Sylvia." He said it again as he laid next to me on the bed.
                 My stomach flipped and I smiled. 
                 "I love you."


Part 52

           Waking up next to Alarick was bliss. While I slept in his arms, I had no nightmares of what had happened the previous day. And I didn't dream of the old and young women arguing. I woke up feeling still in shock of all that took place, but when my eyes fell onto him, it faded away.
            I was practically laying on top of him, as his arms remained locked around my waist. For a while I stared at him quietly, not quite believing he was mine. My fingers ran over the fresh mark on my shoulder.
            I have a mate.
            I'm an Elemental.
            Alarick is mine.
            Aiden is dead.
           I chanted these things over and over in my mind, trying to make all of the information sink in.
            My fingers traced his jawline and his eyes slowly fluttered open, falling onto me. He smiled.
           "Hi." I whispered.
           Alarick pulled me to him, kissing the side of my head. "Hi." He whispered back. "How do your injuries feel? Are you hurting?"
            I shook my head. "Not really."
           "Not really? What hurts?"
            I laughed lightly, "I'm fine."
            He sat up, "Let me see your neck."
            I was surprised.
            How'd he know it was bothering me?
            Alarick gently felt the muscles in my neck that were still sore from Thomas's assault. But the bruises looked far worse than how it felt.
             He frowned, "Stay here a second."
             He left the room, only to return with two small pills and a cup. "Tylenol."
              I smiled, "Werewolves have Tylenol?"
              He looked away, "I had them here for you."
              My heart fluttered at that. 
              After a while, I forced him out as I got ready. He kept suggesting to wait on the bed or outside the main bedroom door. Once I convinced him that he was being slightly insane, he reluctantly went downstairs.
                I smiled as I watched him stomp away. It felt good to put on clean clothes, makeup, and to brush my hair after the pure chaos of the other day. Looking in the mirror, I tried to cover the obvious bruises and scrapes with my hair.
              When I came down the stairs, he stood from the couch. He met me at the last stair and placed a hand on my hip.
                I smiled at that.
               "I need to go find my brother." I told him, "You saw him yesterday after he brought me back, right?" I asked.
                Alarick's eyebrows furrowed, "No. I saw him in the woods, when I went after your Father. When he was taking you back here." 
                 My face fell, "What? I-I thought he joined you? He said he was going to go find you and Aiden after he left me here."
                  Alarick's hand on my side tightened, "It's okay. We'll find him. Your brother is one of the strongest wolves I've met."
                   I stepped past him and went into the kitchen, "I-I don't have my phone. I can't call-"
                  "Where's your phone?"
                  "What if he's hurt? What if Aiden-"
                  "Sylv-" 
                  "Alarick, Aiden could have-"
                  "My love." Alarick stepped closer and rested his hands on my waist, pulling me into him. "Your Dad isn't.. He's not here. He's gone now."
                   I stared at him, processing his words. 
                   "Y-You... you..?" I asked.
                   Alarick nodded. "I'm sorry." 
                   I stayed in his arms, looking down. I didn't know what to think. My mate killed my Dad. But he wasn't my Dad, not really. And he had tried to kill me. Well, wipe my memories, not kill me. Although he attacked me in the woo-
                   "Sylvia?" Alarick cradled my face. "I'm sorry." He repeated himself. "I did it to protect you."
                    "It's alright.. You had too. Someone had to.." I told him. 
                    He lifted my chin, "I saw what you did there, with your powers and the tree. Im proud of you for protecting yourself."
                    I exhaled and leaned into his hand. I need those words desperately. The memory of what I did was filling me with guilt and shame. His reassurance took the burden off my shoulders. 
                   "So... if Jack went to go find Aiden, but you already... killed him, then where is he? Where did he really go?"
                    Alarick was silent for a moment.
                   "Maybe he went to Blackwater?"
                   My eyes widened. 
                   Did he go to find Leo?
                   Jack wouldn't hurt him... Right?
                  Wait. Yes he would.
                  He definitely would.
                   "We need to go find Jack."
                   Alarick's eyes hardened. "I will."
                   I furrowed my brows. "No, I'm going with you to find my brother." 
                  Alarick closed his eyes for a moment, "My love. I almost lost you. I finally marked you- after so long. So long of restraining myself."
                  My checks reddened as he continued.
                  "I won't let you walk into danger agai-"
                  "You'll be with me! I-" I argued. 
                  "Sylvia, No. You will not go bac-"
                 "I will! I will and then we-"
                 "You barely escaped the danger yester-"
                  "I'll talk to Leo! He'll listen to me!"
                  "The same way that your Father listened?" He snapped at me with a dry laugh.
                   I stopped and stared at him. His words hurt. But they hurt because he had a point. I was determined I could talk sense into Aiden, and it backfired completely. Could I even do the same with Leo? Is he like Aiden now?
                   Alarick sighed. "I'm sorry. My love, I'm sorry. I'm... I'm frustrated." He reached for my hands and held them. 
                   "I want so badly to protect you. I love you so much, Sylvia. It's taking everything in my being to not lock you away somewhere safe."
                   I bravely pulled my hands from his grasp and wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him to me. His head rested on my shoulder.
                 "I love you too." I told him quietly. 
                 "But.." he said.
                 I hesitated, "But I'm going with you. Alarick they'll kill each other. I lost my Father, I can't lose Leo too."
                 I felt his chest move against my own as he  sighed. "Sylvia.." he exhaled. "I understand, but it's not safe. I just killed the Alpha of Blackwater. This will end in more bloodshed, and I don't want you present when it happens. We'll be viewed as threats-"
                I stubbornly shook my head. "But they know me, Alarick. When Leo sees me, we can talk!"
               My mate stared down at me with a blank expression, unmoving. He raised a hand to cup my cheek and leaned in, pressing his lips to my forehead in a slow and long kiss. I closed my eyes and smiled.
               Alarick's mood changed as we got into his car. He seemed nervous, and was constantly touching me in some way. Holding my hand as he opened my door, touching my knee as we drove. I would have found these caresses as endearing, but his quiet and fidgety mood had me wondering. 
              Maybe I pushed to far in coming with him.
              Is that why he's so quiet?
              Is he annoyed?
              I tried to lighten the tension and rubbed my thumb across his hand as he held my own, "Where are we going? Straight to Blackwater?"
               His jaw visibly tensed as he spoke to me, "No, my love. We need to stop by Prayess and see Jorden first."
              "Oh. Why? How do you get there without going through the woods?"
               He cleared his throat and shifted in his seat, "Jorden will raise the hidden border for us." He answered.
                I decided not to push him any further and just be happy I was coming along. I looked out the window and raised our joined hands to my lips. I continued to make little gestures throughout the ride to raise his spirits.
              Maybe he's just nervous.
              I wish he wouldn't be.
              Leo will listen to me.
              Finally, we arrived at Prayess. I jumped out of the car before Alarick could get the door and smiled up at him when he rejoined our hands. He still looked bothered, but smiled back. 
               "Jorden's office is over here." He said, leading me to the right of the overgrown property. 
               "How do you know?" I asked.
               "I came here to find you yesterday, remember? Right after you had gone after your Dad." He said.
                Oh.
                We came to a small white building that had an old brown door and little stairs. It kind of reminded me of a small chapel. Jorden's familiar face appeared when he opened the door. 
                "Sylvia." He smiled, "I'm so glad to see you again, dear. You look like you've healed well."
                I grinned softly at him, "Hi Jorden. I'm... I'm sorry for leaving yesterday."
                "No worries dear. I'm simply glad to see you up and walking after what you've been through." Jorden nodded, "Come in."
                We entered the small office. It was homey and neat, matching its owner's personality perfectly. 
                 "Sit, please. I'll go make tea for us. Sylvia, is Mint okay?" Jorden asked.
               "Sure. Thanks." I smiled as he left the room.
               Why didn't he ask Alarick?
                I dismissed it and sat on the couch. 
                Alarick remained standing and I looked up.
                He gazed down at me blankly.
                I stood back up.
                "Why are you acting so weird?" I asked with a semi serious smile. "Sit with me."
                 His hands slowly grazed my waist on either side, "I need to grab something from the car."
                 He didn't look me in the eye as he spoke.
                 "Oh. Okay." I nodded.
                 He surprised me when his hands went around my back, pulling me into his chest. Alarick's lips locked onto mine in a deep kiss. My legs almost gave way when his hand went into my hair, tilting my head to his liking.
                  The kiss was long, passionate, and left me feeling a little dizzy. When he finally broke it, we were both breathless. He touched his forehead to mine gently.
                 "I love you."
                  Though he's said it to me before, the words made my stomach flip and fill up with butterflies. I smiled at him.
                  "I love you too."
                  His hands played with my hair as he watched me for a moment. After a minute, he kissed my forehead. 
                  I laughed quietly at his dramatics. "Go get what you need from the car. I'm going to help Jorden with the tea."
                  "Okay." 
                   His arms slowly left my waist. 
                  "Okay." I smiled back at him.
                   I forced my legs to the kitchen and away from my mate. I could have happily stayed in his arms for another hour. Or four. 
                  I entered the kitchen still wearing a smile. 
                 "Need any help?" I asked.
                  Jorden turned to me and handed me a small blue mug, "No. I just finished actually. Here you are." 
                 "Alarick doesn't like tea?" I asked.
                 "Oh no, that's not it. I just don't think he would have had time to drink it." Jorden answered with a grin.
                  My brows furrowed, "What do you mean?"
                  He paused, "Well he said he was going to Blackwater today. I would have made him a cup if he were staying with us. But that's alright, maybe another time." 
                  I set my cup down on the counter.
                  "Yes, I'm going with him." I told him.
                  Jorden looked confused, "Oh? He mentioned you wanting to learn more about Prayess. I thought that's why you two came today."
                  I started to connect the dots.
                  He was acting weird.
                  Being overly affectionate.
                 I knew he had given into me too easily on going to Blackwater!
                  I heard the sound of tires on the gravel driveway outside. Then I rushed to the door and swung open the screen.
                  There, was Alarick's black truck pulling out of the driveway and disappearing down the rocky road. Anger and hurt filled me as I watched him speed away.
                  He left me!
                  He..! He ditched me!
                  "Son of a bitch!" 
                  Ten minutes later, I flopped onto the couch in Jorden's office and crossed my arms. The poor man had to watch me throw a fit after Alarick had tricked me. 
                    I still can't believe he did that. 
                    I can't believe I fell for it!
                   No wonder he was being weird!
                   He spent too much time with Jack!
                    That ass!
                    I groaned. Who am I kidding, my mate is not an ass. I'm just angry. Jorden approached the couch and handed me my tea that he had reheated in the microwave.
                    I blushed, "Thanks... and I'm sorry for the outburst. I just- I wasn't expecting..."
                    He nodded, holding back a smile, "Please don't apologize. That was quite sneaky of your mate, I'll give you that."
                   I sighed and nodded my head.
                   "You know, I can't blame him." He added.
                    I looked up at him.
                   "I mean, I would try my best to keep my mate as far from danger as I could too. Perhaps even if it meant being dishonest. And you, my dear, are quite... hard headed."
                    Was that a burn?
                  I frowned, "But I could help him speak to Leo. He's my brother. I understand it was foolish of me to follow my Father... But these are my brothers! They're my best friends!"
                  I need to be there!
                 Jorden nodded his head, "That is true..." 
                 I huffed and sipped my tea.
                 "You know you came from here, yes?" 
                 I looked up at Jorden and lowered my mug, "I guess so... I don't have any memories of this place though." I told him.
                  He nodded and adjusted his glasses, "I remember you." He smiled.
                 My eyebrows shot up, "What? Really?"
                 Jorden nodded again. I'm beginning to see that as a little tic of his. "Oh yes. I knew your Mother. We weren't terribly close, but I can recall seeing her walk around our land with a wild haired little girl running after her." He smiled.
                  My eyes began to water a bit. "....What was she like?" I asked quietly.
                  "She was kind. Had a soft personality and was gentle. But my Goddess could she yell. You were quite the troublemaker around here." He grinned.
                   I laughed lightly at that and blinked away the growing wetness, "Was she like me? An elemental?"
                  He shook his head, "No. That was only you. Centuries ago, this land would have twenty Elementals at a time, all destined to protect these blessed woods where our Goddess once roamed. But as time went on, the numbered dwindled. And as our number of Elementals lessened, the outside threats grew."
                 I looked down, "Threats like Aiden..."
                Jorden nodded, "Power hungry Alphas."
                We were silent for a moment.
                He nudged me with his foot, "We looked for you, you know. Our people had a bond with one another greater than any wolf Pack. For years, we all tried to get you back."
                 I smiled.
                 "However Alpha Aiden was clever. He negotiated with us to stop his slaughtering of our people if your Mother and Grandmother handed you over, our last Elemental. He promised you a happy life, but a happy life with no memory of Prayess."
                 I shook my head, "That's right... He had that bizarre theory that an Elemental made one group too powerful."
                 "Exactly."
                 I furrowed my brows, thinking of what he said. My Mother... and Grandmother? And old woman and a young woman? 
                Like the ones from my dreams.
                Always fighting over a child.
               "Did... Was my Mother cooperative in giving me to him? Did my Grandmother fight the negotiation?"
               Jorden cleared his throat, "No. No Sylvia, your Mother did not hand you over willingly. She and your Grandmother  fought passionately over the matter. Aiden gave our people two days to decide. Your Mother wanted to take you and run. But your Grandmother knew it couldn't be done. Not against an entire Pack."
               I closed my eyes for a second and thought of those dreams I always had.
               Dreams? 
               Or memories?
               I knew the answer to my question before I even asked it, "Jorden, what was her name?"
                He smiled and looked out the window, sipping his tea, "Theia."
••••• Remember to vote and comment ,little book nerds!! I love reading your own thoughts and getting some feedback :) If you're bored, check out my other book!••••••                            THANK YOU GUYS!


Part 53

           I smiled. "Theia."
          I recognized the name immediately.
          So they weren't dreams.
          They were memories.
          Memories of my Mother and Grandmother.
          These strange dreams I had always had of the two women now finally made sense. Now I knew why they were always fighting, why Theia was always crying and yelling. The child I'd recently seen in the dream - it was me. 
          Jorden watched me from his seat with a knowing and small smile. "Would you like to see her grave, Sylvia?"
           I sniffed and nodded my head.
           Part of me wanted to ask him specifically how she died. But another deeper part of me already knew the answer. 
           Aiden.
           Jorden led me out the door and down a small dirt path going into the trees. The narrow path was neat and beautiful, surrounded by waist high grass and canopied by large over-hanging trees. Then, it led to a small field.
             "We bury all of our people together. Even in death, we stay together." He put an arm around my shoulders with a soft smile.
               I smiled as more tears filled my eyes.  
               Even in death, together.
               The phrase filled my heart. I had longed for such a long time for a sense of belonging. And here, in Prayess, I felt that belonging in even the soil under my feet. I never felt that in Blackwater.
              "This one." He said quietly.
               I gazed down at the flat grey stone. 
               Jorden read it out loud, "Theia Azelle Boreton. Mother, Friend, Daughter of the Moon, and Protector of Prayess. Loved, Blessed, Remembered."
               "Wow." I sniffled.
                He smiled, "A perfect description of her."
                I looked around at the other graves. 
                "How... How many of them died from Aiden's attack?" I asked him.
                 Jorden took his arm off my shoulder and stuffed his hands into his pockets. "Many. Many of them. Sylvia, you know that none of that is your fault. You were a child."
                "I was the Elemental-"
                "If it weren't you it would have been another. If the Elemental were Amala, they would have come for her. If it were me, they'd have come for me. The attack was out of our control. Even when your mother finally agreed to hand you over, they didn't stop the killing. Not immediately."
                 A chill ran up my spine.
                 I took a breath and stepped back.
                 "Do you think Leo... Does he have the same belief that Aiden did? He supports what my Dad did?" I asked.
                 Jorden shifted on his feet and nodded, "From what I've heard, Leonardo supported your Fathers decision on using the serum."
                 I rubbed my face as an icy breeze brushed through my hair, "Why? Why would he do that? I don't get it."
                 He gazed out at the nature around us, "I don't know. But I do know that He has been very closed off on communicating with us or Greycove. He's made it clear he does not want to speak or cooperate." 
                  I scoffed, "Why wouldn't Alarick let me go with him?! Especially if Leo isn't cooperating!"
                  Jorden shrugged.
                  I thought for a moment.
                  "Leo's going to feel threatened." I said.
                  Then I turned to Jorden, "The Alpha of a neighboring pack shows up unannounced on your territory, moments after killing your Father. Leo's going to take that as a threat! He's going to attack Alarick as soon as he steps foot on his soil."
                   "Your mate won't be alone. His Gamma Elijah and Jack will be with him."
                   Elijah's going too?!
                   How could Leo not take that as a threat?!
                  An Alpha who just killed his Father shows up with his Gamma, and his angry twin?!
                   I rubbed my eyes, "I can't just sit here."
                   "We'll have to wait and see-"
                   "You can." I said as I made my way back to the path leading to his office.
                    "Wait! Sylvia!" He called after me.
                    I quickened my pace.
                    I'm not going to just sit here.
                    Not while my mate and brothers try to kill each other. Jack, Elijah, and Alarick gaining up on Leo? This will end in blood!
                  "Sylvia, I can't let you go." Jorden said following me, "It far too dangerous."
                  "But I can't just stay here and do nothing!"
                  "I won't let you leave." He said. 
                   I stopped on the path back to his office. 
                  Then I turned around, "Jorden, I'm really sorry but I'm going to Blackwater. I have to." I told him. "Also, I'm borrowing your car."
                  Jorden raised his eyebrows with a playful smirk, "Oh, are you? I don't think so-"
                  His laugh suddenly stopped. His face turned into one of confusion and he looked down at his feet. Two thick tree roots sprouted from the soil beneath him and wrapped over his shoes, holding him in place. 
                  He looked at his feet in surprise and then back up at me with an impressed smile, "Well played, Elemental."
                  I grinned, "Thank you."
                  Jorden twisted and turned, breaking free from the wet roots. He stumbled as he roughly shook his foot free from it's grasp. 
                  "As impressive as that was, I'm not letting you leave. As you said, it will end in bloodshed. And as a protector or Prayess, I have to keep our Elemental safe. I have to keep my friend safe."
                  My mood softened at that.
                  Slightly.
                 "How about you come with me?" I asked.
                  "No. Sylvia, we're not goi-"
                  This time, tree roots suddenly rolled upward from the ground around him and snaked up his ankles. The roots quickly claimed his feet once again, stopping around the middle of his legs.
                  Jorden let out a laugh and looked to the sky above, "Goddess...."
                  I smiled at the older man, "If you're too scared, then you can stay here. Can I borrow your car keys?"
                 "Not a chance." He said, trying to give me a stern expression. But I was beginning to understand Jorden's personality. He was kind and wise, but a little bit of a softie. 
                 "I can do this all day." I told him, trying to mask my smile and seem tough.
                 Jorden sighed loudly and scanned the area around us. He held his head down, thinking. "Fine. Fine. But if you truly have to go, then I've got to come with you. I can't just.. let you run off towards what could be a bloodbath. If your mother were still here, she'd have my head."
                I smiled and raised a hand to release his legs from the roots. "Then let's go!"
          Jack's POV
          I closed the door behind me and stared at it. Seconds passed. Before I could reopen it to scold my sister for not doing what I had instructed, I heard the lock 'click'.
        Good.
         I leapt off the porch, shifting in the air. My paws beat against the ground as I burst through the trees, straining my ears to locate Alarick, Elijah, and Aiden.
         Where are they? Where's Aiden?
         Had Alarick already finished him off?
         My inner wolf snarled at the thought. I wanted his blood and I wanted to be the one to spill it. Thinking of what he'd done to Sylvia, to all those people from Prayess, and the lying for so long filled me with a hot rage.
           Finally, I found the three of them. I stayed hidden within the trees as I watched the scene unfold from a distance.
           There, the man I once loved laid covered in blood. A tree stood crooked behind him, one branch bloodied and at an odd angle.
            That.. 
            That couldn't have been Sylvia, Right?
            Impressive.
            I made a mental note to praise her later on. No wonder she was so shaken up. I didn't realize what she had done to Aiden.
            Aiden sputtered on the ground as Alarick shifted into his human form.
            "Y... You! Idiots! Y-You have n-no idea what-t kind of damage she c-can cause!" He choked on his words as blood dribbled down his chin, "S-She ruins the b-balance of power!"
             "So the answer is to wipe her memories? Or is it to slaughter hundreds of innocent people from Prayess? Or to lie to your Pack?"
             Alarick stepped forward as he spoke.
             Aiden tried to scoff but choked, "We d-did what we had to d-do. And my s-son will avenge me! L-Leo has m-more of the serum! And h-he shares my beliefs!"
             GreyCoves Gamma stepped closer, "Lies. Alpha Leonardo only recently learned of what you've been doing-"
            Aiden laughed weakly, "Oh! O-Oh please! M-Most of this w-was his idea! L-Leo agreed with t-the serum, and h-handled many of our d-dealings with those P-Prayess....shits when they'd come t-to our t-territory."
             Elijah frowned, "No. No, once he was named Alpha-"
            "Once he was n-named Alpha, h-he had to start m-making decisions on his own. My s-son had the choice of continuing the s-serum for h-his sister or not. He knew i-it was the right d-decision."
             Alarick growled.
             Aiden flashed a bloody smile at the men from the ground, "Like F-Father like son."
             In a flash, Alarick leapt forward and cut open his throat with a blade.
             Aiden's eyes widened in shock for a quick moment, before his head fell to the ground in a loud thud. Dark blood slowly pooled around him as his gargling stopped.
             I stared at my Father's body from the trees, not even focusing on the kill being stolen from me.
             Leo knew?
            I thought he had only just found out?
            He knew this entire time?
            And he was the one making the decisions?
            Keeping the Prayess away?
            A certain rage filled me at that. This whole time I was hoping my brother was foolishly following our Father's demands and expectations. I had thought that Leo was only doing what Aiden was telling him.
             But he was the one in charge? Keeping the Prayess people away from Syl, her real family? Continuing the use of the serum? Working with Thomas to administer it and follow our sister? He promised that shit the Beta position - my Beta position? 
               Hot rage filled my chest. Hurting our sister, lying to all of us, betraying his own twin. And he has the nerve the call himself Alpha. Alpha of our Pack, our home. 
                I'll kill him.
                And no one will take this kill from me.
               I stood frozen in the trees, letting my blood thirst grow. Alarick and his Gamma spoke quietly, too quiet for me to hear. Then, the Alpha shifted and took off. Elijah began to take care of the body. 
                As soon as the area was clear, I began running. Straight for Blackwater, and straight for Leo. 
                 No one will take this kill from me. 
———————————————————————————
Thanks for reading! Please vote and comment, as it helps my story grow more and more! :) 
Check out my new book 'A Curse Of Goodness'
                              THANK YOU!


Part 54

          Jorden and I hopped into his car quickly. I was in a much better mood than he, feeling determined and ready. But I couldn't blame him for not sharing my eagerness. After all, he wanted us two to stay in Prayess, where we'd be safe and away from pissed off Werewolves.
          "Seatbelts..." He muttered and I refrained from rolling my eyes. 
           "Jorden, how on Earth will we get there in time? Blackwater is hours away.. Even if we were speeding the whole way-"
            Jorden cut me off, "There's a way..." he told me hesitantly. "Remember when I told you that the Fae had to step in when your F- when Aiden attacked?" He asked.
            I stared at him in confusion, "Yes...?"
            He nodded, "They left us with many charmed tools. Loopholes almost, in the event of another attack. Like this one." 
            I watched as he pulled a small stone from his shirt pocket. It was brown and jagged, and frankly, it just looked like an ordinary rock from the forest grounds.
             I gave him a weird look.
             "Cool rock."
              Now Jorden gave me a look.
             "It's not just a rock, Sylvia. It's a random item that has been charmed by the Fae. This simple stone can manipulate time and distance. The charm was meant to be used if our people ever needed a quick escape." He explained.
              My mouthed form an "O".
              He held it in his fist and muttered something into his hand that was tightly clenched around the rock. After he was done, we began to drive. Jorden went on to explain to me that to us, it would feel like a normal ten minute drive rather than the expected multiple hours.
               I looked out the window as we went, "We need to beat Alarick there. Jack has been running for a few hours now, so he'll get there first... He's going to attack Leo. I know it."
             Jorden sighed tensely, "Alarick has one of these stones as well. I let him borrow it the other day when he informed me of the trip, I'm sure he's using it now to run there."
              I rubbed my head, "So we'll practically all arrive at the same time?"
              He nodded.
              I looked out the window again.
              We both knew it was only a matter of time. We just needed to pray we'd get there before a full on fight breaks out between the three. 
               Despite not seeing Jack since yesterday, I felt like I knew exactly what he was thinking. I'm 100 percent sure it had to do with our Father's actions and Leo's involvement. 
             Jack was unhinged and full of rage; feeling betrayed by his twin and Father, and protective of his sister and the Moon Goddess's people. Alarick was simply seeking to eliminate a threat to his mate. And Elijah, was a loyal Gamma, following his Alpha into what could become a battle. 
             I held in a groan as I thought. 
             Please let us get there in time..!
             For the next ten minutes, my stomach twisted and turned while I thought of the possible outcomes. Eventually, our surroundings we drove past began to look familiar. We were now in Blackwater territory.
             Suddenly, Jorden swerved the car. We jerked to a stop on the side of the dirt road. I looked to him for an explanation.
             "They're in the woods." He said.
              I followed his gaze to the trees. Sure enough, two blurs of brown dashed past the frozen tree limbs. Wolves.  It had to be him. As an Alpha, I knew that he could sense our arrival. And Jack's, and Alarick's. It had to be Leo.
              We got out in a hurry. I immediately rushed into the woods, messily climbing over fallen logs and hurrying past sharp twigs. "Leo!" I called out.
              "Sylvia, wait!" Jorden exclaimed somewhere far off behind me.
              I ignored him, pushing forward through the overgrown greenery. I had to get to Leo first; I had to calm them all down somehow before they kill each other. The thought of losing Alarick filled me with a sense of pure despair. I could barely even think about it. And losing Jack and Leo? Lila losing her mate? Or Leo losing a twin? The possibility made my legs run faster.
              "Leo!" I yelled again desperately as I went. 
              The wolf in the back stopped in the distance and turned to face me. I slowed down, watching him.  It wasn't my brother... It was the same wolf I had seen that day along side Leo; his new Beta. The one who took Jack's place.
              The creature eyes flashed in recognition; He knew who I was. It eyed me darkly, lowering it's head to the ground and it began to approach me. 
              I took a few steps back.
              "I-I need to see my brother. He's in danger. It's urgent..." I tried to explain.
              The wolf snarled at me, baring it's teeth.
              "I'm Sylvia, L-Leo's sister." I tried.
               My back thudded against a tree. The Beta growled again before lowering  it's back legs to the ground, ready to pounce.
               "N-No, I need to help Alpha Le-"
                He leapt towards me, claws outstretched. 
                I whirled around to the other side of the tree, barely dodging the sharp nails. Stumbling upright from the forest floor, I turned to face him again. Okay. He's not nice.
               "W-What's you problem?!" I asked him loudly. "You know who I am, I-"
               Again, Sparky didn't want to talk. He snarled viciously and darted at my legs, knocking me to the ground roughly. I groaned at the pain in my side, rushing to get back on my feet.
               When he rounded me again, I was ready. Ready and kinda pissed off. The creature ran towards me again, large paws targeting my chest. On instinct, I raised a hand, swiping it in the air in a fluid motion. 
               As if following the motion of my palm, a thick branch suddenly jutted outward, slamming it's his ribs.
                 He yelped loudly, rolling onto the ground in a thud. I paused, almost regretting my actions as the wolf whimpered for a brief moment in pain. His eyes watched me from the ground.
                 I backed away from him again, eager to put distance between us. After doing so and seeing that he wasn't rising back up from the ground, I turned to run. I hadn't forgotten why I'm here; I still needed to get to Leo before Jack. 
                I whipped around and ran through the sea of trees, somehow knowing exactly what direction the pack house was in. Not even a minute into my dash the sound of angry snarls came back, right behind me.
                I screamed just in time to see the Beta on my tail, in the air behind me and launching himself forward. In the same second, another brown form came into view.
                I closed my eyes just as I saw Jack throw his body into the wolf. They tumbled to the ground roughly, snarling and snapping at each other as they violently wrestled. 
                "Ja-Jack!" I panted out.
                A sickening crack sounded throughout the woods and the other wolf suddenly stopped moving under Jack. He went limp in my brother's jaws. I let out a strange noise and covered my mouth in shock. My brother's snout was dirtied and bloody, but I knew the blood wasn't his. 
                He walked over, unphased at what just happened. His red soaked nose sniffed me all over, as if checking me for injuries. Satisfied, he backed away and began to trot in the other direction.
             I leapt to my feet and practically threw myself onto his back. Jack barked and jerked around, trying to shake me off of him. I gripped his fur tightly, hanging on.
              If he's going to hunt down our brother, he has to take me with him. 
              He barked again and I could just about hear what he was trying to tell me: Get off and stay here. 
             "No! No, I'm coming too!" I said to him in a shaky voice. 
               He growled, displeased with my answer. When he finally got it through his thick skull that I wasn't going to let go, he took off. None too gently, either. My hands locked around his neck and fur as he dashed between the endless trees, returning to his original mission.
             I pushed the bombarding thoughts from my mind. Thoughts like: Is Alarick already there? Did Jorden get to the Pack House? Can Leo sense his Beta is now dead? 
             I closed my eyes. 
             Jack slowed down near the very back section of our training grounds. The area was old, unused, and overgrown with vines. We came to a rough stop and I eagerly slid off, looking around.
            My eyes found Leo's form quickly.
            He sat in the distance, hunched over and expectant, as if he was waiting for us to find him. 
            "Leo!" I yelled out.
            An angry snarl sounded behind me and I turned. Jack stood, still in wolf form, facing us. I quickly moved, putting myself in front of Jack and blocking him from attacking his twin. I could practically feel the blood thirst rolling off him in waves, and wanted to keep him away from Leo. 
            Leo stood as well, off the bench that was facing the fields. "Always so angry, brother." He muttered.
            I kept Jack in the corner of my eye as I turned back to face Leo, unsure if he'd suddenly snap and attack.
              "Leo, we need to talk to you. So much has happened and-"
              "Yes. So much has happened. You've been very busy, killing our Father. Killing Thomas, and my Beta."
               I flinched at his icy voice.
              "N-No. No, Leo. He attacked me. Thomas- And then A-Aiden tried to force me to take a seru-"
               "Aiden?" He scoffed sarcastically. "Just who do you think you are, Sylvia? You can't call him Father anymore? Not even in death?"
                Leo took a slow step towards me and Jack growled from behind, warning him.
              "That man you refuse to call Dad, sacrificed everything for you. He lost warriors to rescue you. He dedicated years to creating medicine, for you. He raised you as his own."
                I shook my head in denial, blinking back the frustrated tears. "Medicine?! No! No, that wasn't any type of medicine! And I already had a home! H-He took me from-"
                "This was your home!" He suddenly screamed out, rushing towards me as he gestured to the Pack House in the distance.
                 Jack instantly bolted forward. His jaws latched onto Leo's leg and jerked it, instantly knocking him into the ground. As quickly as he bit his brother, he returned to his spot behind me. Watching and waiting. 
                 I barely reacted. The tears now freely flowed down my face at the mess of the conversation. I felt desperate to get through to him. 
                 "This was a home to me, but I was never supposed to be here... I had a mother, Leo. I had a family." I cried quietly, desperate for him to understand.
                 He stood from the ground shaking his head with a disappointed sigh. "Father tried to reason with you, he really did. He tried so hard. But you just don't understand. I accept that."
                  He finally looked up at me. His face was one I didn't know. New wrinkle lines from stress graced his face. His normally perfect hair was overgrown and uncombed. Worst of all, his eyes were filled with annoyance, like this was all just a pesky problem. 
                "I really didn't want to be the bad guy." 
                A loud gunshot sounded out, making me jump in alarm. Jack's large form behind me fell to the ground in a heavy thud. My head whipped back and forth from his body on the ground, to Leo's hand holding the weapon.
                "But you're really not giving me a choice here, Sylvia." Leo continued.
                 I turned and ran to my brother. "Jack! Jack? Jack?" I yelled, grabbing his fur and pulling it hard. "What did you do?" I screamed, looking back at Leo.
                He walked towards me lazily, "I'm protecting our family. Something you need to be taught. You've made such a mess."
                I continued to shake Jack as sobs broke through my lips, "Jack! Get up!"
                "See how upsetting all of this is? Do you see how much pain is being caused by your refusal to cooperate?"
                 Lifting my hand from Jack's fur, I saw his dark blood. It began pooling around underneath him, spreading to my knees where I knelt. 
                 I cried harder.
                 Leo's voice was now the familiarly smooth and soft one that I had always known. And a terrifying realization entered my brain: He's just like Aiden. He's convinced what he's doing is right. I might not be able to make him realize.
                 His gentle voice spoke right behind me, as if talking to a child, "Sylvia, I'm going to give you a choice. Come home with me and we'll figure all of this out together, okay?"
                 I swallowed my painful cries and turned to glare at him with as much anger as I could muster up, "And if I don't?"
               His kind smile never left his lips, "Then I'll have to force you."
               I let out a cold laugh.
               Leo blinked, a look of surprise briefly covering his facial expression. 
               "You can't force me. Just like Aiden, you can't. I know how to protect myself from you now." I told him.
                He scoffed lightly, "That Elemental power? Can't you see how poisonous it is? Look at where we are, sister. Look at what's happened." He gestured around us. "This is why Dad and I did what we did. To prevent all of this. Now-"
               I shook my head again and shut my eyes, trying to cease the tears. "You can't make me."
               Leo sighed, disappointed.
               "Then you give me no choice."
               When he made a grab for me, I raised my hand, ordering the nature around me for protection. Just like his beta, my brother was knocked to the ground by a thick tree root that had suddenly bursted up from the ground.
               Leo groaned at the pain and sat up, getting back to his feet and stepping back. He looked at me with disappointment. "When did you become so violent, Sylvia? It's already turning you into something you're not."
             I stayed on the ground, arms around Jack's bleeding body and tears flowing. "When my family started trying to hurt me."
              "Hurt you..." he laughed, inching closer. "You still don't get it. I know what's best for you. I know what's best for all of us. And that's taking care of your problem."
             I glared at him, "Don't you think Aiden already took care of my problem when he killed my Mother? Or when he kidnapped me? Or when he drugged me, for years?" I asked in a harsh voice. "Or was it when he lied to his entire Pack about what he had done that night? The night he invaded my home?"
              Just like Aiden, Leo's smile began to twitch as I pushed on. He was beginning to get angry, furious even. He shook his head with another strange laugh, "How are you so blind? How are you not seeing it like it is? You're kind is a poison to nature, you-"
               I blocked him out, trying to focus on Jack.
               Pressure on his wound.
               Stop the bleeding.
               Keep pressure.
               "Don't ignore me. Don't ignore what you know is true. You know this is unnatural. Elementals are a danger to-"
               I raised my cracking voice back at him, pushing my hands down harder on Jack's bleeding wound. "E-Elementals are meant to stay in Prayess! To protect that land, nothing more! Why are you so threatened by-"
              Leo suddenly was on the ground in front of me. His large hand painfully clamped down onto my mouth. 
             "I really don't want to lose my patience. Enough of this game, Sylvia. Come with me now, or I'll drag you." He seethed. 
             I blinked back overflowing tears. I was scared. I had never been scared of Leo before. He allowed me to shove him off and looked at me expectantly. I raised my hand to manipulate the trees again, but my brother stopped me.
              A painful yelp left my mouth as Leo dashed out and grabbed my hand from the air, twisting it behind my back. 
              "N-No!" I cried out as he held my arm behind my back and to his chest, "No, I-I have to put pressure! I have t-to put pressure on his-"
               Leo growled over my crying, turning us around to look down at an unconscious Jack, "What's the difference? You've already taken out our Father. Thomas. My Beta. Why not add your own brother to the list?" He said.
               Sobs racked through my chest as he continued, "Look at him! Look, Sylvia! This is where your defiance has gotten us. How much more damage do you want? When will you be satisfied?"
               I violently shook my head, "I-I don't want this! Let go of me!"
               "No. Look at Jack. I want you to see where the Elemental trouble has brought us. Look at him!" Leo yelled in my ear behind me, still holding my arm behind my back. 
               He grabbed my chin and roughly jerked my head down at our brother. Another anguished sob broke through my trembling lips. He looked lifeless. He looked like he was losing way too much blood, way too fast. I locked my eyes onto his chest, clinging to the sight of the shallow and slow rise and fall of it.
             "St-Stop..!" I begged as I struggled against him again, "Let me help-p him!"
             "Look!" He growled again.
             "Get off!" I cried.
              In an instant, Leo's painfully sharp grip on my jaw and arm left me with a rough yank. I quickly stumbled to the ground, hearing the growling and rustling sounding from behind me. 
              I didn't need to turn around to know who had attacked Leo. I could feel his strong presence through our bond. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••———————————————————————————
           Extra long chapter for your patience! Sorry this one took a while 😅 Please vote and comment, as it helps my story grow! :)
            If you're looking for more, check out my other book, A Curse Of Goodness as well!
            I appreciate you all!
.


Part 55

          I didn't need to turn around in order to know who had attacked Leo and thrown him off of me. I could feel his strong presence through our new bond, which immediately soothed me. At least some of me.
          Instead of turning my attention to Alarick's brawl with my brother, I quickly crawled over to Jack. My hands shook as I placed them back over his bullet wound, still trying to at least slow the bleeding. 
           Pure fear crept into my chest as I looked down at the amount of blood.
           There shouldn't be this much blood.
           When did he close his eyes?
           Despite the anxiety I felt looking down at my brother, I also felt a tiny bit of relief. Alarick was here now; he had Leo. I can focus on Jack. I need to get him to the Pack House.
           Wait, no.
           That won't work. 
            I couldn't take him in there; For all we knew they may view us as enemies now. I looked over my shoulder at my mate. He had Leo pinned to the ground, now unconscious like his twin, and looked at me expectantly. 
             In a sick and twisted way, it warmed my heart. I knew how bad his wolf wanted to kill Leo. I knew how protective mates are. The fact Alarick hadn't finished him off now was impressive, and I was grateful. My mate knew he wasn't just a threat to me, he was also my brother.  
             "Alarick..." I breathed out.
              His ear twitched, listening.
             "Alarick, He's bleeding and it's too much. He's lost too much now, we need-"
             "We've got him, dear." 
              Jorden emerged from the tree line behind us. He approached with Elijah, Alarick's Gamma. Relief flooded me as I watched them come closer. Elijah knelt beside me, offering a calm smile and gently removing my hands from him. Jorden went around the other side of Jack, and the two grunted as they lifted him up.
              Three cars suddenly approached; one of them being the same one Alarick drove away in the morning. I scooted back, quietly watching as they swiftly set my brother inside of the car. Everything happened so fast, my mind felt hazy. Overwhelmed and in shock. 
             Looking down at my bloodied hands, I began to wipe them on my jeans. As I did, I noticed the other areas his blood had gotten on me, and I focused on harshly wiping it away. 
             "Luna." 
             A voice spoke above me.
             I looked up and recognized the girl. She was a member of Greycove, a warrior I had often seen around the territory. Her orange hair was tied back neatly and out of her face as she looked down at me. "Luna, can you stand?" 
             I restrained from slapping myself in the face in order to snap out of it. Luna...? 
             I'm a Luna now. 
             She's talking to me.
            "Ah..." I looked around as I shakily stood.
            "Alpha Alarick and his Gamma are dealing with your brother and his Pack. He's speaking to the Gamma now."
            "Oh.." I nodded my head, still kind of in a daze. "And Jack... Where are they taking him?"
             She straightened her back, "Jack is being taken back to Greycove for treatment. The man from Prayess is providing a charm to quicken the duration of their drive." She informed me, "He'll get there in time."
             I wanted to be with Jack. But I also knew he was in trusted hands, going back to Greycove. I trusted Elijah, Jorden, and the wolves of Greycove with my brother. Now, I needed to resolve the mess here at Blackwater.
             "I want to find the Luna of Blackwater. My brother's mate." I told her. 
              She nodded her head, looking determined at my goal. "I'll go with you."
              Finding Lila wasn't easy. I still wasn't sure how my home Pack viewed me, so I tried to find their Luna while remaining discreet. I knew she'd have answers for me. And I knew I'd have answers for her as well.
              The warrior accompanying me was named Rei. She followed my every step, tugging my arm when she'd hear someone, and nodding when she knew the coast was clear. Together, we searched the grounds for Lila.
              After about an hour, we found her. I mentally facepalmed, shaming myself for not checking the guest house porch first. Lila loved to read here. It was somewhat hidden, yet gave a great view of the front yard of the Pack House. She would always sit here and quietly watch.
              As we approached, her familiar large eyes snapped to mine. She stood slowly, and Rei discreetly tugged my arm, unsure of her intentions.
              "Oh.. Sylvia..!" Lila gasped quietly.
              She ran over and hugged me. I didn't hesitate to return the desperate embrace. For once, I was comforting her and not the other way around. 
               "I was so worried. You have no idea... This blood.. All of this- Are you hurt?" She asked as she pulled away and looked down at my legs. Jack's blood was still obvious on me.
              "No.. No, uh- Jack-" I stuttered out.
              "Goddess..." she finished for me.
              Lila's arm encircled me once again. I forced myself to keep it together. I knew that I needed to talk to her and find out how much she knew.
               I pulled away, "This is Rei. She's a warrior from Greycove." 
              Rei kept a blank face and nodded her head at the Luna, who offered a small smile. I turned to my friend again, "Can we go in? And talk?"
              Lila nodded and quickly ushered us into the small guest house. We left the porch and went inside, selecting seats in the living room. 
              "I don't know where to start, Sylvia. I have so many questions." She began as she sat next to me, covering my hands with her own. "I only just started being a Luna and I already feel like such a failure. This is all such a mess."
              My heart broke for my precious friend, my sister. She rarely showed a vulnerable side.
             "I know... Believe me, I know. What do you know? Has Leo been telling you everything that's happened?" I asked her.
              She shook her head, irritated. "Practically nothing. Leo tells me nothing. I've been so worried these past few weeks and trying to give him space, but he's... He's changed, he's hiding something." Lila paused and hesitated, "...I... I know that your Father is dead. And I know Paul is dead."
             I furrowed my brows, "Paul?"
             "Leo's Beta." 
             I looked down, immediately recalling his death moments ago. "Oh. Right."
             Her grip on my hands tightened, "Sylvia. Please. Please tell me everything. I've been kept in the dark for so long, it's driven me crazy. I fight with Leo everyday as he loses himself in whatever has been happening. All I know, is that it has something to do with you... and your Father."
             I blinked away tears at her pleading. "Okay. Okay, I'll tell you all of it."
            And so I did. Rei stood close to the door, as if keeping watch as I explained everything to Lila. I told her what I was, and where I came from. I told her of Aiden's attack on Prayess and his bizarre belief that Elementals were unfair and too powerful. I told her about the serum he had been giving me all those years, silencing my abilities and memories. Most of all, I told her about my haunting dreams and how they finally made sense. How they weren't dreams, but resurfacing memories.
             Lila knew about the nightmares. She also knew about the strange feelings of loss and sadness that would randomly wash over me. Now, we both knew it was due to my confined abilities coming to the surface. My lost connection to my people, beckoning me back. The anonymous call through a dead bond, calling me. 
             Lastly, I told her about Thomas. How Aiden had contacted Greycove's Beta, in hopes he'd help slip me the serum while I was away from Blackwater. I didn't mention her mates involvement.
            She sat quietly, absorbing everything I had told her. But nothing gets past Lila. 
            Her gaze was locked on our hands. "What did he do?" She asked clearly.
            I hesitated, "Who?"
            "Leo. What did he do? Tell me."
            Now, I hesitated even more. "He... He had the same opinions as Aiden. He thinks I should be taking that serum that makes me forget. That I shouldn't be able to use my abilities." I told her. "B-But you and I know him. I know this wasn't him. This was Aiden brainwashing him for years, I know it Lila... I mean, we both know how much Leo looked up to Aiden."
             Lila nodded and took a deep breath.
             "Okay... Thank you, Sylvia. I know you probably don't want to be talking about all of this again." She said.
             I watched her face closely, searching her face for a reaction to everything I had just unloaded onto her, "H-How are you?"
             She shrugged, "I don't know. My mate is clearly... not in his right mind. For now, I'll focus on Blackwater, my pack." She suddenly turned to me, looking serious. "I need you to ensure Alpha Alarick won't punish him. I'll... I'll help him. We'll get him the help he needs." 
              I nodded my head eagerly. "I don't want Leo to get hurt. I want him to get help. Aiden played a massive role in convincing him that this was the only way."
              She agreed. "It all makes sense now. His mood changes.. The endless hours spent in the office. The secrets. No wonder he didn't want me to know. He knew I wouldn't have let any of this happen."
           "Lila, where has my mother been? During all of this, I-I haven't heard from her once. Did-"
            My friend cut me off with a squeeze of my hand. "She's safe. She.... She actually left a while ago. When Alp- When Aiden started acting so strange. She's fine and we speak often."
            I let out a breath of relief. "Thank Goodness."
             We stood, embracing each other once again. After agreeing that Leo wouldn't be punished by Greycove, Lila and I said our goodbyes. As Luna, she had important and urgent matters to tend to within the Pack. Blackwater members could feel the loss of their Beta, and could feel the presence of another Alpha on their soil. They were probably confused, and needed their Luna. 
             Lila nodded to Rei and I before heading to the Pack House. The Greycove warrior and I began to walk across the field, both lost in our own thoughts for a bit.
            "You're going to be an excellent Luna." She said suddenly.
             I looked to her, surprised at the praise. I held back a smile and nodded my head, letting myself trust her words. "Thank you for being here, Rei."
              In the distance, I saw him approaching. He was alone, emerging from the trees. Rei noticed, told me that she'd see me at home, and left. I smiled, liking the word 'home'.
             As soon as I was in arms reach, he pulled me to him. Warmth erupted from his touch, and I fell into his chest, closing my eyes. His hands tightened around me.
            "My love..." he breathed against my ear. 
            I hummed in response, burying my face into his shirt. I suddenly felt incredibly grateful for my mate. What would I have done if he didn't show up and stop Leo? 
           "Jack?" I asked him.
            Alarick's chest rumbled as he spoke lowly, "Is going to be okay. He's stable."
            "And Jorden and Elijah?" I asked into the material of his shirt. 
            "Home." He answered.
             I paused, ".....Leo?" 
             "Alive... Safe." 
             I pulled away and looked at my mate. He stared down at me with a familiarly blank expression as his eyes darted all over my face. As usual, his beautiful orbs captivated me.
              I reached a hand up and stroked his stubble covered cheek, not really having anything to say. I hated that so much chaos was occurring at the beginning of... Well, us. I felt guilt for being a part of the chaos. I felt embarrassed at how much I longed for him already. I felt sadness towards Leo, worry for Lila. I felt so much.
              But in his arms, those intense feelings were covered by a sense of security. 
              His hands left my back and cupped my face, bringing my lips up to his. I sighed into the kiss, leaning further into him. Alarick's hands left my face and went around me again, trying to pull me closer.
              He swiped his tongue across my lips playful, earning a smile from me mid-kiss. Before our moment went further, I suddenly remembered something. Something my mate did this morning. 
              I pulled away, pushing my hands on his chest and creating a sudden distance between us. Alarick looked at me with surprise before frowning. He didn't question me, but rather tried pulling me back to him.
             "No! N-No! I forgot I'm mad at you." I swatted at his greedy hands and began to walk towards one of the cars brought here by the Greycove warriors that arrived.
              He followed my march, "What? What? What are you mad about, my Lo-
             "You tricked me! This morning, with Jorden!" I scolded him, remembering when he left me in Prayess a few hours ago. 
             His eyebrows went up, as if he had completely forgotten about the move he pulled earlier. "Oh. Well, I had to do tha- I knew you weren't going to sta- Sylvia?"
             I turned and started to walk away from him again. How could he act so nonchalant? He lied to me! And tried to leave me with a babysitter! Alarick began to defend himself as he followed close behind. 
             "It was to keep you safe." 
             "Sylvia. Did you hear me?"
             "I had to keep you away from here. It could have been a trap."
             Blah blah blah. 
             Suddenly my feet left the ground. I gasped, immediately throwing my arms around his neck to steady myself. Alarick placed his hand under my backside, trapping a leg on either side of him. 
            I love the feeling of him holding me.
            Wait- Focus!
            I'm still pissed!
           I forced myself to frown at him.
           He sighed, looking troubled. "I'm sorry. But I couldn't have brought you with me, Love. I didn't even know what I'd be arriving to, it could have been a full on fight. And you weren't taking no for an answer when I had asked you to stay behind."
            I sighed back at him. 
            His forehead touched my own. 
            "And I was right. You still found a way to come here anyways. Just what did you do to poor Jorden?" He questioned in an accusing voice, trying to get a smile out of me.
           "Nothing. I just... convinced him."
            My mate's dark eyebrow pulled upward  suspiciously, "You convinced him how?"
           My eyes widened. I didn't think he'd appreciate hearing how I had practically forced Jorden to come with me. Minor details, minor details.
           Time to change the subject. 
           I leaned forward and pressed my lips to his. Instantly, Alarick returned the motion, still holding me up. My back met the car we were supposed to be getting into as he deepened the kiss. 
            I honestly don't know how long we stayed there. But eventually he pulled away, gazing down at me with hooded eyes. I smiled up at him. 
            "Have I told you I love you today?" 
            His question made me laugh, "Yes."
            "Just making sure." He smiled. 
            We started the long drive back to Greycove together. Finally we had an opportunity to speak freely about everything. Finally, there were no secrets or fears. He re-explained everything he knew, and I did the same. 
             "I do need to speak to you about your brother." He started.
           My stomach dropped, "Jack? Are you mindlinking the Pack Doctor? Did-"
           Alarick raised our conjoined hands to his lips, probably trying to calm me down, "No, my love. Leonardo."
           "Oh..." I breathed out. "Yeah. I suppose we need to.. have a plan for his future."
            Alarick nodded his head, staring at the road ahead. "I already have some thoughts, but I want to hear what you're thinking first."
            I leaned back, "I don't want him to be locked away somewhere. We couldn't do that to Lila. But... But I know he shouldn't be in a position of power. He's proven just how poor and twisted his judgement has become."
            My mate looked over at me with a look of pride, "Exactly my thoughts. He's still your brother, and he has a mate. To separate them by death or a cell would be a cruel punishment."
             For a while, we were both lost in our own thoughts. Then, an idea came to my mind. I looked to him, "What if.. What if Lila stepped up? As female Alpha?"
             Alarick raised his eyebrows, taking in my suggestion. "That would be beneficial for the Pack... Less change is good. And the Luna already has a strong bond with her people. Leonardo would be forced to step down, but his Pack wouldn't lose their Luna."
           "And she wouldn't lose him." I added.
           "And she wouldn't lose him." He repeated.
           Again, we settled into a comfortable silence. My mind was at rest, for the first time in months. Jack was safe and being treated. Aiden was no longer a threat. Prayess is still standing. Leo will be forced to step down for his ties to Aiden, and his mate will take over. If she wants, of course. 
           And I still have Alarick.
           I looked over at my mate as he drove. My heart swelled at the sight of him, at the sight of our connected hands. I leaned over the console and pressed a slow kiss to his cheek.
.


Part 56

          Four and a half years later
           "I swear to the Goddess above." I muttered under my breath. I slammed down the Greycove Greenhouse paperwork I had just finished, and stomped over to the screen door.
          "Jack!" I screamed. 
          I watched as he bursted through the tree line in his wolf form, exiting the woods and bounding into the field area along side Alarick and I's house. On his furry back, my first born.
          "Jack!" I yelled again, fumbling with the damn childproof lock on the screen door.
          I watched in horror as he wildly leapt all over the place, hopping left and right as my son hung onto his fur, laughing his head off. 
         I know, I know what you're thinking. I'm being a helicopter mom. But could you blame me? Ever since I had my son, Jack was practically breathing down my neck. 
       Where's the kid? 
        Is Allias up from his nap?
        He doesn't need sunscreen, Syl.
        Can I have some custody?
         It drove me crazy. But, I knew my son loved his uncle, a lot. The two were inseparable, partners in crime. Whenever I put him in timeout for hitting, Jack would sneak him out. If I told him he had to eat some carrots, Jack would swipe them off his plate with a wink. 
         Worst of all, Alarick thought it was hilarious.
          I growled in frustration as I tried to unlock the friggin door so I could go and yell at my brother. Behind me, I heard my mates footsteps approaching as he exited from his side office.
        Two warm hands landed on my hips, pulling me to his hard form. I huffed, giving up my battle with the door, and leaned back into him. Years later and the tingles were still there. 
         My anger lessened.
        "So firey. Even with a door. I love it." He playfully whispered into my ear as he began to sway us side to side.
         "I'm irritated." I groaned.
          Alarick turned me around so I faced him. His warm eyes gazed down at me with a smile. I frowned back up at him. "Jack took Allias out. He's supposed to be napping."
           He leaned forward and lightly brushed his lips on mine as he mumbled, "Let them go. You know that he's safe with his uncle."
          "But the schedu-"
           Alarick covered my mouth with his.
           After a few years together, that was closest to a 'shut up' I had ever gotten from my mate.
           "I love you." He whispered. 
            I tried to hold onto my frustrated attitude and hide the smile on my lips. I really tried. But the man knew exactly how to change my mood instantly. Which he was having to do a lot of lately - My emotions were all over.
            I watched as he dropped down onto his knees in front of me. "And I love you too." He whispered to my giant belly. 
             I hummed in delight as my mate lifted my shirt, running his warm hands on my bulging stomach. "She's been kicking a lot today." I told him.
             Alarick raised his eyebrows as he looked up at me and back to my stomach, "And why are you kicking your mother, Theia?" 
            My smile widened when he used her name.
            It grew even more when I remembered that naming our daughter after my late Mother was his idea, and not mine. The man had thought of it all on his own. He's perfect. 
            Maybe he did it because I insisted on naming our son Alarick. My mate hated the suggestion, but I loved idea of our son having a similar name to his father. We settled on Allias. And by settled, I mean I cried until he caved. 
             What? If I'm going to be all hormonal when pregnant, might as well use it. 
             You'd do the same.
             For a while, Alarick simply held me in the kitchen. His hands still laid on my hips and he hummed in my ear. I closed my eyes with a smile as he swayed back and forth. Part of me knew that my mate was aware of how on-edge I was. Theia would be arriving any day now, which meant I was just about house bound. 
           The restriction only fueled my already irritated mood. For some reason, this pregnancy had been a lot more challenging than my first. 
           "Are you tired, my Love?" He whispered.
            I just kind of hummed in response.
            But that was enough for him. In a swift motion, he swooped me up into his arms. I buried my face into his neck as he carried me to the couch, where he set me down with blankets and pillows. Alarick handed me the remote and placed another long kiss to my lips. "I'll be in my office, my Love."
             "Okay." I answered. 
             He grinned and pecked my lips twice more before heading back to his work. Already, my mood had lifted. Again, hormones. 
             Not long into my episode of Dr.Phil, a quiet knock on the door sounded before a familiar head popped in. 
            Olivia's familiar eyes landed on me and she smiled. "Hey!" She whisper-yelled as she entered.
            "Allias isn't sleeping, you can talk." I laughed.
            She frowned, "Not taking naps anymore?" 
            "Not when his uncle is around." I sighed. 
            Olivia cackled at that. She plopped herself down next to me and got under the blankets. "Well, I just came over to pick up all of that paperwork for the Greenhouse charting, but this looks much more entertaining."
           I handed her the remote, "We have to change it before I cry."
           She whipped her head back and look at me like I had two of them, "What? Why?"
           "He.. He's just so misunderstood!" I blinked rapidly as I motioned to the Dr.Phil show. "If his parents would just listen..."
           Apparently, this was hilarious.
           My friend burst into a fit of laughter.
           I playfully smacked her arm and tried to stand up. At least Olivia was nice enough to pause her laugh attack to help me stand. Waddling to the kitchen, I heard her continue her chuckling. 
            I sighed as I pulled out some crackers to munch on. Looking over the sink and out the window, I saw Jack with Allius, still playing outside. The two were constantly outdoors, even in the rain. My sons continuous desire to be outside reminded me of my own.
           When I first noticed his love for the outdoors, I became nervous. I thought it meant for him, what it had meant for me. But I knew that Elementals are constant, one born as soon as the previous passes away. And I was still alive and well.
            No, our sons passion for being outdoors didn't mean he was an Elemental. We'd already confirmed he's like his Father and uncle. Around the age of 11 or so, he'll have his first shift. 
            I caressed my stomach, curious about what our daughter will be. Loved for sure. But human? We didn't know. Alarick and I's mating was rare. I wasn't a wolf, but I was a human either. The Pack doctor had advised us to expect her to be a wolf, or human. Either way, so many people already loved her and her brother.
           Among those people, was her Aunt Lila. Lila had stepped up as Alpha Female three years ago. That act alone made history, forever setting Blackwater's name in history for having a female leader. Not many knew exactly why she stepped up, but it was a celebration.
         Her mate and my brother played a strong role in Aiden's actions. He not only shared the beliefs that Prayess should be wiped out, but even supported the use of that damned serum that had suppressed my memories and abilities for so long. He was forced to forfeit his title as Alpha. Lila, had turned into quite the badass. She was once timid and unsure, but now she led her pack with pride and confidence. 
             Leo was still around. He laid low as he received "treatment". Whether it was therapy to un-screw up his mind or not, I don't know. But I do know that he and Lila still shared an unbreakable bond, and I trusted her. 
            We don't speak, he and I. 
            Maybe we will some day. 
            But for now, I'll focus on my family. Because even now, I still jerk awake at night, remembering Leo's dark face as he shot his twin. I still have random dreams of Aiden, someone I once viewed as my Father, chasing me through the woods, and the raw fear I felt. Thomas choking me, Leo deceiving me. Every once in a while, it all randomly storms my mind.
             But every time I bolt up in bed and out of breath, Alarick is there to hold me. He's quick to start whispering sweet words in my ear, pulling me back to sleep in his arms.
              And on the rare occasion my mate is out of town for a meeting, I have my son. And when my son is too cranky for midnight cuddles from Momma, I have my brother to harass. 
              Looking back, I was grateful for the twisting rollercoaster that was my story. Ericks, Olivia, Amala, Miles, and even Jorden are all still apart of my life. My family is stronger than ever, and still growing. Greycove is thriving, and I love being a Luna to this pack. 
              I smiled, watching Allias running outside and trying his best to mimic a snarl from his uncle, who was still in wolf form. His chubby and rosy cheeks puffed up as he tried to growl like Jack. I watched him with a feeling of happiness and pride in my chest. 
             This was just my story.
              What will his be?
———————————————————————————
       Thank you all for reading my story! This wraps up Just A Human 🥲  
       Go to my page and check out my other story, A Curse of Goodness!
       Please comment and vote, as it helps my stories grow :) Also, I really love hearing your thoughts!
.


Part 57

           Thank you all for reading my story!
           Please keep in mind that I first started this when I was very young, so a lot of editing will be made in the future. 
             And honestly, if you did not enjoy the story, don't read my work or stories! The amount of hateful comments and mean messages I've gotten is really discouraging. It wears on ya after a few hundred of them. Just be kind, people ✌🏼
           But, I'm thankful for the encouraging comments. And votes and the reads in general. All in all, I had fun writing this story. It was my first one, and shitty, but fun. 
             ANYWAYSSS
                          If you enjoyed the writing, please check out my new story, A Curse Of Goodness, next!

                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            
Annabella Grace Cross was everything good, innocent, and pure. She stood out, not only due to being the only human in a family and Pack of Werewolves, but also for her overflowing kindness and love for all.
       And thanks to her good-nature, she feels no fear when her name appears in the demanded attendance sheet for the VIP elite Cella Ball. Soothing her overprotective brother's anger, Bella brushes it off with a warm smile. 
         But what if what awaits her justifies her brother's rage? What if, for once, sweet Annabella can't smile away the obstacles coming her way? What if, karma doesn't come to the rescue? 
       And what if, the famously cruel and monstrous Alpha King is her mate?       Do you believe kindness can change the world?
ORcheck out my newer book, called With Wolves. ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️

                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            
       Tabitha Gray's life has always been normal and good. With an insanely bold best friend, a loving Mother, and a warm home, what more could she really ask for?
        She never questions her best friend's strange possessiveness, or even her frequent growls. And she never really questions why her dear friend disappears for small chunks of time. 
       But what happens when Tabitha realizes just how little she really knows about her BFF? What happens when she finds herself thrown into the world of Werewolves, one of who, has been right next to her all along?
.
