Courtesy of VivaanDaGr8


Part 1

This was originally a collaborative effort.
Special thanks to M.C. and A.Y. for starting this journey with me.
* * *
For M and A:
They say it's better to let sleeping dogs lie.
So, I'll tuck them into bed. Sweet dreams.
* * *
This book contains some violence and blood/gore. It's not that bad. But there are some rather disturbing and just plain disgusting things. There is mild cannibalism.
* * *
Map of the Ten Kingdoms:

                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            
(pronunciations are available in the Glossary)
* * *
PART ONE: ONCE UPON A TIME
"Curiosity, in spite of its appeal, often leads to deep regret. To the displeasure of many a maiden, its enjoyment is short lived. Once satisfied, it ceases to exist, and always costs dearly."
— from "Blue Beard" by Charles Perrault
* * *
This project is complete! It's really long. (Like really.) This is all just for fun :)

                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            


Part 2

ALICE
Alice hopped across the path of white marble leading from the front door to the gate. A carriage was waiting just outside, the two great horses it was tethered to looking monumentally bored as they gazed out into the clear sky. The footman lounged beside the open door of the carriage, looking just as bored.
Alice went up to the carriage, and the footman immediately straightened, holding out a hand to help her up. "No, thank you," she said politely, climbing into the vehicle herself. Her elder sister, Lory, was already seated inside, a nice, thick book on her lap. Lory spared her not even a glance as she scooted over to allow Alice room.
Alice settled her doll, Clara, in the space between her and Lory, smoothing both her and Clara's dresses. "Are you excited, Clara?" said Alice. "It's going to be your first time seeing the Winters."
Clara didn't respond. Not that Alice quite expected her to, though she couldn't help hoping every time she asked a question. Clara only gazed about with a dull expression and a frozen smile.
"You're going to meet Lord and Lady Winters," said Alice. "They're very nice. And you'll meet Michael and the baby, Leopold. And Charlotte..."
Alice wrinkled her nose, thinking uncharitable thoughts about Charlotte, who always wore her dark hair in perfect little ringlets that bounced and made Alice want to pull them. Charlotte was always hugging everyone, suffocating Alice in lots and lots of lace ruffles and perfume that stung her nose. 
"Anyway, I think you'll like Charlotte, Clara," said Alice.
She tried to continue a conversation with Clara, but Lory kept giving her annoyed glances, so she resigned to silence. Their mother certainly was taking a long time getting ready.
Alice sighed and slid down in her seat, tapping the heels of her shoes together. She wasn't very much looking forward to seeing the Winters, despite their niceness. Mostly because she was being forced to go, and she was starkly opposed to anything she was forced to do.
"Sit up, Alice," Lory muttered, not looking up as she turned the page.
Alice huffed but did so, craning her neck to peer over at the book Lory was reading. It had lots and lots of words, but no pictures.
Lory looked up then. "What in the worlds are you doing?" she said, staring at Alice's awkward position.
"There are no pictures in your book," Alice said, settling down.
"Well, there would be no point in reading if it were all pictures, would there?" said Lory. "That's what your imagination is for."
"I didn't know you had one," Alice mumbled, but Lory didn't seem to catch it. If she did, she ignored Alice—something she was very good at.
Lady Pleasance appeared then, climbing into the carriage and sitting opposite them. Alice heard the snap of the reins, and the carriage began to move, shakily at first.
Alice didn't like riding in carriages. The ride made her feel uneasy, and she was glad when they arrived at the Winters' estate. She hopped out of the carriage with Clara in her arms. After thanking the footman, the driver, and the horses, Alice followed her mother and sister up the steps to the manor.
Lady Pleasance used the brass knockers to make three sharp taps on the door. A moment later, the Winters' butler opened the door. He welcomed them inside, the doors closing with a reverberating thud behind them.
Lady Winters appeared to usher Lady Pleasance off to the parlor, and Lory went up the great staircase. Alice, not knowing where else to go, followed.
They went into Charlotte's room, which reeked with the perfume of roses. Charlotte was sitting on her bed when they arrived, trying to groom her kitten, Dinah's, fur.
"Lory! Alice!" cried Charlotte, springing out of bed as they entered, her ringlets flying all around her. They were even curlier and bouncier than usual, making Alice itch. She so wanted to pull on one of them and see it spring. She tried not to squirm too much as Charlotte hugged her, then Lory. Lory sat gingerly on the bed beside Charlotte, and the two of them launched into quick conversation. They both proceeded to ignore Alice.
Alice sat cross-legged on the floor, not sure what else to do. Dinah escaped Charlotte's grasp and darted out of the room.
This was how it had always been as long as Alice could remember. Always Lory and Charlotte huddled together, with Alice watching from the outside. Too young to belong. Of the Pleasances and Winters, she was the youngest girl. There had been another family, too—the Erringtons, though their children had disappeared somewhere in Korev eight years ago. They'd both been older than Alice, anyway.
She was about ready to die of boredom when Charlotte's younger brother, Michael, entered the room. He had curls too, but they laid flat on his head. He was carrying an armful of wooden train tracks. He set them down on the floor, connecting the tracks from out in the hall into the room.
Charlotte let out a grievous sigh from the bed. "Michael, could you take it outside, please?"
Michael ignored her, and Charlotte sighed again, but let him continue.
"May I help?" said Alice.
Michael looked at her, at Clara in her arms. He seemed to think for a moment. "No."
"Oh," said Alice. "Why not?" She moved out of the way so that Michael could continue.
"You're going to mess it up."
"I don't see how it would be very hard to mess up; all you have to do is connect the pieces." Alice picked up one of the tracks and stuck it with another one. "See?"
Michael frowned at it, then at her. "That's not right." He undid it.
"Why don't you tell me how to do it, then?"
He frowned at her again. "You can't, you're a girl."
"That's not a very good excuse."
He shrugged.
Alice huffed and sat in the corner of the room, watching. Finally, she got up and said, "I'm going outside."
No one so much as looked at her.
With Clara in tow, Alice left the room and drifted downstairs. She could hear the voices of her mother and Lady Winters in the parlor, as well as the gabbling of baby Leopold. She slipped outside easily, the sun smiling overhead.
"This is better," she said to herself and to Clara. She went out in the middle of the lawn and settled amidst a patch of daisies gently swaying in the breeze. She set Clara down beside her, and Clara sat upright for a moment before falling back, legs sticking up in the air.
Alice sighed. "Exactly, Clara." She flopped onto her back as well, liking the cool feeling of the grass through the thin fabric of her dress.
"Well, that's that," Alice said after a moment. "What do you think?"
Clara said nothing.
"Oh, I'm sure you think that," Alice said bitterly. She rolled over onto her stomach, plucking a few of the daisies in front of her. "I wish Austin would come back," she said. "It's so lonely without him." She glanced at Clara. "But at least he's coming home soon. Do you miss him too?" She didn't wait for Clara to respond. "I miss him all the time."
She supposed she should have been over it by now. Her brother had gone to study in North Auvyn over two years ago and had been living away from home since, but it still felt as if he'd only left yesterday. His birthday was coming up soon, though, and he would be briefly visiting Cerieve, so at least she had something to look forward to.
A chilly breeze swept through the air, rusting her hair and clothes. Alice turned her face in the direction of the wind so that her hair wouldn't fly in her face.
Suddenly, there was a black hole in front of her.
Alice blinked, but it was still there—a large, black, empty space, floating in the air as if the world were a painting and a piece of it had been ripped out. She shook her head, sitting up. It was still there. Was there something wrong with her vision?
Maybe she was hallucinating.
"What is this?" she said aloud.
Someone stepped out of the empty space as if he'd appeared from nowhere. He was older than her, maybe older than Lory, with stark white hair. His head was down, and he was brushing something off the front of his coat with gloved hands.
"Who are you?" Alice demanded.
His head snapped up. He stared at Alice, eyes wide and dark under pale lashes. He was dressed in dark clothes as well: a pressed shirt, waistcoat, trousers, shiny shoes, kidskin gloves, and a long, unbuttoned coat with silver buttons.
He continued to stare at Alice, and Alice stared back at him.
Finally, he said, "Hello," politely.
Alice blinked. "Where are you from?" she asked. It didn't seem like he would be answering her other questions.
"There," he said, gesturing behind him at the empty space.
"What—" Alice started to ask another question.
"Sh," he said, lifting a finger to his lips. With his other hand, he snapped his fingers, the sound muted from his gloves. The empty space behind him disappeared.
Alice's eyes widened, as if they weren't already wide enough. "How did you do that?" she said, her voice barely above a whisper.
"Sorry, I can't talk to you now," he replied, an unfamiliar accent clipping his words. "Maybe some other time."
He hurried off around the back of the house.
"Hey!" Alice cried, her voice very loud. She winced, then dropped her voice and said in a stage whisper, "Wait!"
Hastily, she hurried to her feet and ran after him.
To be very honest, she wasn't quite sure why she did. In her head, she justified it as he might be a thief, and she was doing everyone a favor to make sure that he didn't break into the house. But really, she didn't care if he was a thief at all. She just wanted to know who he was and what he was doing.
Alice ran around the house, not finding him anywhere. She finally made it back to the front, and there he was, standing on the front steps, seemingly puzzling over how to get in. Maybe he was a thief after all.
"Why'd you make me chase you all the way around?" she huffed, going to his side.
He jumped a little, having not seen her. He looked down at her, thoughtful. "Is this your house?"
Alice narrowed her eyes. "Have you come to steal something?"
"What?" he said. "No, of course not!"
Alice believed him. "Then what are you doing?"
"I just want to talk to someone," he said.
She looked at him suspiciously. "Who?"
He shrugged. Apparently, he wasn't willing to share that.
"How did you get here?"
He frowned at her. "I—What? Through that portal you just saw."
"How did you get a portal?" she demanded. "Are you a witch?" She stared at him, trying to see if there were any witch-like qualities about him. But she couldn't tell, because she'd never seen a witch before.
"No," he said simply. He paused. "Whose house is this?"
Alice narrowed her eyes again. "The Winters'." She had no idea if he knew who they were, and his face betrayed nothing.
"Hm," he said, stepping backwards off the steps. "Wrong house, then. I am in Cerieve, aren't I? You're not just some foreigner who happens to speak Cerieven?"
"You're not from Cerieve?" Alice's interest piqued further. Though she should have guessed from his accent. "Where are you from?"
"You don't happen to know where I can find the Pleasances, do you?"
Alice stared. "I'm a Pleasance."
His pale eyebrows shot up. "Oh," he said. "Oh. I need to go. I'm sorry. Goodbye!"
He snapped his fingers, and a portal appeared behind him. He hopped backwards into it, disappearing in an instant.
"Wait a minute!" said Alice, reaching out as if she might somehow catch him. He was gone, but she wasn't going to let him get away that easily.
She dove through the portal just before it closed behind her.


Part 3

RAPUNZEL
Rapunzel first saw her in the forest.
She looked poor, wearing a plain brown dress of thick, rough-looking fabric. She was carrying a woven basket, and she didn't even have shoes on. Her hair was raven black, cut to her shoulder, sloppily, as if it had been hacked at with a knife. She had eyes as green as emeralds and lips as red as blood. Her skin was so pale she looked sick.
But she was extremely pretty. Even from the distance, Rapunzel could see how beautiful the girl was. Ugh—She hated to admit it, but the girl might have even been prettier than Rapunzel. It was unbelievable.
Her beauty bothered Rapunzel, and she glared at the girl through the window of her room. Who was she to just show up out of nowhere, looking like that?
It was her mother's fault that Rapunzel had even seen her in the first place. Rapunzel was to never bother her mother when she was working. So, Rapunzel had been forced upstairs into her room to wait out her mother's client. She'd gone over to the window, impatiently waiting to see the client walk out the door.
Then Rapunzel had spotted her. She was wandering around, close to the house. Rapunzel saw her sneak a few curious looks at it—which, Rapunzel supposed, was warranted by the fact that the house was just a random cottage in the middle of the woods—but she stayed, for the most part, clear of it. Which was a good thing. She walked out of sight behind a tree, and Rapunzel turned away from the window.
As for why Rapunzel was watching her...Well, it was because she was too pretty, even in a dress that looked like a potato sack, and that meant Rapunzel had to be careful.
Rapunzel went over to her dresser and picked up a silver hairpin, trying to distract herself from thoughts of the girl and her undeserved beauty. Her mother said the hairpin had been passed down from generation to generation. One of those family heirlooms. It was kind of weird to think of how other people had used it in their own nasty hair and now Rapunzel was using it in her own beautiful locks, especially since she wasn't even related by blood. But at least it looked pretty.
She was about to slide the pin into her hair when she heard the sound of quiet chatter. An ordinary person might not have heard the voices, but Rapunzel prided herself on being amazing at everything.
She went to the window again and peered out. There was the girl again, though her back was to the glass; she was talking to someone. Rapunzel's breath caught in her throat as she realized who it was.
It was him.
It was kind of annoying that she didn't know either of their names, but it didn't matter.
The him in question was probably the most beautiful person in the world. After Rapunzel, of course. And...ugh, her, too.
Though Rapunzel had no qualms with him being beautiful.
She'd seen him in the forest before, unlike the girl, who was a complete stranger. He usually rode around on his majestic white horse with a whole entourage following, which meant that he was definitely important. And rich.
Oh yeah, she was in love with him, too.
Sometimes Rapunzel wanted to go and talk to him, but that entourage looked threatening, and who would want to talk to some random—though extremely pretty—girl in the woods? Besides, she didn't know why, but she always felt shy whenever she saw him.
But not now. Now, Rapunzel just felt mad, because this girl who had suddenly appeared from under a rock was talking to the love of her life. And he seemed to be enjoying the conversation.
Where was that threatening entourage now? And his horse, for that matter? She wished they'd come by and trample the girl.
Her hand began to sting, and she looked down, seeing with surprise that she'd curled her hand into a fist, so tightly the hairpin had stabbed her. She glared at her hand and threw the pin to the ground in disgust. Normally, she would have panicked at the sight of blood, especially her own blood, but now, she didn't even care. She went back to looking out the window.
Rapunzel strained to listen to the conversation, but the voices had gotten quiet. She pressed her face up to the glass and tried to read their lips.
Since only he was facing her, she only got one end of the conversation and had to try to figure out the rest. It was hard since she was so far away, up on the second floor of her house. She could make out some pointless chatter. Were they talking about the weather? Who even talked about the weather? That was the most pointless of pointless chatter.
But still. Pointless chatter. How were they so casual with each other that they could talk about things so useless as that? Especially since he looked so wealthy, while the girl looked like she had to eat rocks for dinner.
He stopped talking for a while. Rapunzel wasn't sure if the girl was still speaking, but he had fallen silent, his face growing solemn.
Then he spoke again. Rapunzel could make out the words so clearly it was as if he were screaming in her ear.
"I love you."
She stared in shocked horror at them through the glass. They were both still. She whirled away from the window, unable to look any longer, not wanting to see the girl's reaction. She clenched her fists again, her hands burning and blood dripping from her palm.
She didn't care.
She heard a door close downstairs. The client had left.
Rapunzel hurried out of her room and into the kitchen, where she found her mother sitting at the table. A stack of cards was laid out face down in front of her.
Her mother, Andrina, looked up in surprise, then hastily swept the cards off the table. Rapunzel didn't know what she was afraid of Rapunzel seeing. She had no idea what her mother's job was, but if it consisted of card games with her client, she honestly did not care. Right now she had a bigger problem.
"I'm bleeding!" Rapunzel said, scowling and holding out her hand, which was, indeed, still bleeding.
Her mother looked horrified. "What did you do?"
"She probably bit it," put in a tiny creature, sitting at the corner of the wooden table. "Must have been trying to eat herself."
Rapunzel glared at him. He was some sort of faerie, Ruben. He was supposed to keep the house nice, clean, and organized, but it seemed like all he did was annoy Rapunzel to death. "I stabbed myself with a hairpin," she said between clenched teeth.
Ruben burst out laughing. "Yeah, like that's any better."
"Ruben, please," said Andrina. She reached out and took Rapunzel's hand to inspect the wound, pushing back Rapunzel's sleeve all the way up to her elbow, where her blotchy pink birthmark peeked out. Rapunzel really hated that birthmark, the way it marred her beautiful skin. Andrina stood, pushing back her chair. "I'm going to get the first aid kit."
The moment she left the room, Ruben looked up at Rapunzel and said, "What's the real story, huh?"
She glared at him. "I told the truth. But there's this girl outside..."
"Ooh, a girl, so scary," said Ruben. "I bet you're mad she's prettier than you."
Rapunzel doubled the intensity of her glare. "Shut up," she said. "If you go outside and find her name for me, I won't tell Mother that I found you eating her stash of candies last night."
Ruben narrowed his eyes. "You wouldn't anyway."
"Would I?" She raised an eyebrow.
"Fine," he huffed, hopping off the table and slipping outside through the window.
Andrina came back with the first aid kit. "Where's Ruben?" she said, frowning.
Rapunzel shrugged. "Somewhere. I hope he never comes back."
"Rapunzel..." Andrina sighed, pressing a wet cloth to Rapunzel's hand.
"Ow," Rapunzel said, wincing. "That hurts!"
"Well, don't stab yourself with a hairpin, then," said her mother. She wiped the rest of the blood off Rapunzel's hand, then wrapped it in gauze. "There," she said. She left to put the kit away.
Ruben slipped back in and was about to speak when Andrina came back. "I need to go out to the city for a job," she said. "Stay here. No going out into the city. Don't open the door for anyone. Your lunch is on the counter. All right?"
Rapunzel rolled her eyes. "Fine," she said. It didn't really matter, anyway.
"Ruben, watch over her," Andrina called, draping her dark cloak over her shoulders. "Please lock the door for me."
She shouldered her bag and left. Rapunzel locked the seven iron locks on the door. She'd always thought it was overkill.
"So?" Rapunzel said, going back to Ruben, who was now lounging on the counter.
"I think it's Snow," he said.
"What?" She glanced out the nearest window. "It's summertime; there's no snow."
"No, her name is Snow," Ruben said. "Snow White. I heard the other guy say it."
Rapunzel wanted to throw up at the thought of him saying the girl's name. "Snow White is a dumb name," she said.
"Yeah, whatever," he said. "What are you going to do with a name, anyway?"
Rapunzel ignored him and grabbed her plate of food off the counter. She set it on the table, sitting down. She grimaced. There was something shriveled, green, and ugly swimming in a reddish-brown pool of viscous liquid.
"Can I eat your food?" said Ruben, hopping onto the table.
"Go ahead," she said, pushing her plate to him.
"Get me a toothpick," he said.
"No."
"Okay, then I won't tell you what I heard her saying to that other guy."
Rapunzel went and got him a toothpick. She rolled it towards him, sitting back down. "So, what?"
Ruben began to use the toothpick as a fork—he was really tiny, and the toothpick was almost as tall as he was. "Well, I'm guessing this guy is the one you're always going on about?"
"Yeah, the blond guy," she said.
"'The blond guy,'" Ruben echoed with a smirk. "Yeah, you sure love him so much. You don't even know his name."
She glared. Only Ruben knew about him. She didn't tell her mother, because he seemed rich. Andrina didn't like rich people. She said they were all ungrateful, and she wouldn't take them as clients, for whatever she did.
"Anyway, you can't love him anymore," Ruben continued.
Rapunzel froze. "Why not?"
"I think they're planning to get married."
She felt like throwing up.
"Yeah, it's gross!" said Ruben. "This sort of stuff is useless, I keep telling you. How do you plan your life around someone? Listen, I've been alive for nearly a hundred years. I've avoided all that love stuff, and I'm doing better than ever."
"Stop trying to make me feel better," Rapunzel said, glaring at him.
"Who said that was what I was trying to do?" Ruben said. "And stop doing that—you're going to get a bunch of wrinkles, which I'm sure would be your worst nightmare."
"Well, obviously, if you've never been in love, you don't know how I feel," said Rapunzel.
"Sorry, wait a minute," he said, pausing between bites. "You're actually serious. You think you're in love with him? He's not even that attractive—I've seen way better-looking people than him."
Rapunzel stared at him. "Well, he's a billion times better-looking than you!"
"Well...maybe," Ruben conceded. "But still. I mean, have you said one word to him? All you've done is stalk him from your window. I'll bet he doesn't even know you exist."
She hated that he was right. "Who cares?" she said. "I hate her. Snow White. I just want her to go away. I want her to die."
"Wow, I always knew you were a murderer at heart."
"I am not a murderer," said Rapunzel. "She's just...ugh! So disgustingly pretty."
"Mhm," he said. "Sure."
"I'm going to kill her."
"I'd like to see that."
"Then come on," she said. "I need to go out into the city anyway. Maybe I can find a witch to help me put a curse on her or something. I heard you can curse someone with just a name."
"Excuse me, what?" Ruben said, staring at her.
"I just said, I—"
"No," he said. "Absolutely not. First of all, no, you're not going to curse anyone. Second, you're not going to find any witches anywhere. Those are long gone. And third, I'm still eating!"
"I'll bet there are still some witches somewhere," she said. "It's not like you can force them to stop being born. Just because they're illegal doesn't mean they don't exist. So you'll come with me and help me find one." She started to her feet.
"I am not letting you find a witch."
Rapunzel looked at him. "Fine," she said. "I won't curse her to death. I'll curse her to be ugly forever. Good enough for you?"
"Nope."
"Okay, then death curse it is."
"You're not allowed out that door, Rapunzel!" Ruben shouted.
"Watch me," she said, starting over to the door.
"Fine!" he yelled. Rapunzel felt a tiny tap on her shoulder as Ruben launched himself off the table to land on her shoulder.
"Get off me!" she said, reaching up to brush him off.
"I'm staying here the whole time," he said. "As you said, you need me to find a witch. You're getting a temporary curse."
Rapunzel rolled her eyes. "Whatever." As long as she found a witch, she'd be able to get whatever curse she wanted. Then she could get rid of Snow, and he would be all hers.


Part 4

ALICE
The instant Alice was in the portal, she was surrounded by darkness.
It was the kind of darkness you could stand in for hours, yet your eyes would never adjust. You would never be able to see anything, even if it were right in front of you. It was more than unsettling, and Alice looked around wildly. That was a dumb decision. Why had she done that?
She noted, strangely enough, that it wasn't exactly darkness she was in...just nothingness, for she could easily see herself if she looked down. Yet she couldn't see anything around her.
Alice ran around in the empty space, arms out in front of her. (It was instinct, in case she ran into anything, though she wasn't sure anything could be there, in the nothingness. It probably would have been more unsettling if there were.)
There was a sudden breeze, then. It was light. As if the wind were gently teasing her hair and clothes. Though it wasn't exactly wind. It wasn't just air that was moving around her. It seemed as if everything were rushing past her. She could hardly understand it herself.
Alice stood still and waited as everything moved around her. She wasn't entirely sure if she were the one moving, or if the nothingness—and at the same time the everythingness—was.
Everything began to slow, and the nothingness faded away, like a lightbulb warming up. Alice stumbled forward from the momentum (so perhaps it was her who had been moving?) and nearly fell.
She collided with the stranger, who was standing in front of her. Where had he been in all that nothingness? He'd been facing away from the portal, and she fell against his back. The impact made him stumble forward, and she grabbed onto his coat to keep the both of them from falling.
"Sorry," Alice muttered, letting go and righting herself.
The stranger whirled around. "What in the worlds?" he exclaimed.
"Who are you?" Alice demanded.
He stopped and tilted his head to one side, a white curl falling in front of his face. He studied her, then seemed to make a decision and said, "I'm Whit."
"Hello, Whit," Alice said, holding out her hand. "My name is Alice."
"Alice Pleasance," he mused.
Alice stared at him, hand still outstretched. She probably shouldn't have told him her surname earlier. It was a little too late, though.
"Never heard of you," he said finally, shaking her hand.
"But you've heard of the Pleasances?" she said, too curious to take offense.
"The men in your family seem to have made quite the names for themselves."
That made sense. He had to mean her father, one of the highest-ranking officials in the Cerieven Guard. A widely-decorated war hero following the war that had been so devastating only ten years ago.
"So," said Whit. "Why did you follow me?"
Alice hesitated. "Because..." It really hadn't been a good idea at all. But now that she'd done it, there was no way she was going back. "Because I was curious," she said carefully.
"I should take you back," he said with a heavy sigh. He gestured to the open portal behind her. "You should go. Your family will wonder where you are."
Alice almost laughed. "No, they won't." That, she was sure of. They didn't even notice when she was there; how were they supposed to notice when she wasn't?
Whit was looking at her with a curious expression. "This is not good," he mumbled, mostly to himself.
"Why not?" said Alice. "Can I come with you? Are you going somewhere? Where are we?" She looked around at where they'd arrived. She hadn't even thought of it yet.
The ground beneath them was rocky and uneven. They were in what seemed like a city. Or what used to be a city.
Surrounding them was the crumbling stone and ruins of buildings and arches. From what Alice could see, it seemed as if it had once been magnificent. Now, moss and lichen climbed up the walls, and dust seemed to float perpetually in the air. Just thinking of it made her nose tickle.
"Alice Pleasance," Whit muttered, and she looked up at him. He was gazing off into the distance. "Hm. I suppose..."
"So will you?" she said, and he cut a glance over to her. "Let me come with?"
"You don't know where I'm going," he said. "You don't even know who I am. Didn't your parents ever teach you to fear strangers?"
Alice shrugged. "I know you—you're Whit. And if you're trying to discourage me from going, that means you must be decent and won't kidnap me."
He was still regarding her with an unreadable expression. Then he said, "Turn around."
Puzzled, Alice turned around. The open portal was in front of her.
"There's your last chance," he said. "Are you going to go home?"
Alice stared into the empty space. If she went home, she'd be back at the Winters' place, surrounded by people she knew but who didn't want her. And if she stayed here, with Whit, she might be able to see more of the world than she'd ever even imagined or thought possible.
"No," she said.
Whit snapped his fingers, and the portal disappeared.
"Well, that's that," he said.
Alice whirled around, grinning. "So I can?"
The corner of his mouth twitched. "Yes, Alice, you can. Come on. It'll get dark soon, and it's dangerous trying to go back in the dark. We should get as far as we can today and then continue tomorrow."
"Go back...where?" Whit was already walking, and Alice hurried after him, hopping across the stones that jutted from the cracked road.
"To my house," said Whit. He glanced over at her. "Be careful when you're walking. Don't step on any loose stones."
Alice stopped hopping and stared at the ground. Which stones were loose? She had no idea. She just followed Whit, stepping on the stones that he did.
"Where are we?" she asked.
"We're in Ailthe," he said. "Enre, to be precise. Outside Nien."
Alice stopped. Whit paused and looked over his shoulder at her, eyebrow raised.
"You mean this is what happened to it?" Alice said, gazing out at the ruined city. "I always knew that after the Revolution, Ailthe was destroyed, but...It seems like it's been this way for ages."
"Ten years is a pretty long time," he said. "But magic has...sped up the aging process, I suppose."
He continued walking, and Alice followed.
The Ailthean Revolution. Alice had been born during the war, and it had ended only a year later, so she didn't remember anything about it. But she'd read about it, heard stories about it. The war had raged for four years, but only near the end did the massacres begin. The entire imperial family of Ailthe, murdered. The throne, seized by the new empress. The Crimson Queen.
She'd used magic, of course. Back then, magic hadn't been controlled, and no one had really known the true consequences of it. They'd only realized the extent of the damage done when magic had consumed and destroyed the entirety of the kingdom only two weeks after the seizure of the throne.
The whole thing made Alice shiver. With the fall of Ailthe had come the fall of the empire. Most kingdoms had already withdrawn from the empire before the final fall, of course, but that had made it official. Suddenly, all the kingdoms were free to do as they pleased. Magic became a curse. There had never been many witches in Cerieve anyway, but all around the world, the terror began.
"Alice."
Alice looked up. She had no idea how long they'd been walking, but the sky had turned a few shades darker. They'd arrived at the remains of a staircase, leading up to a stone bridge that disappeared into a dark forest on the other side of a wide chasm. Whit stood on the steps, looking down at her. He held out his hand.
"Come up here," he said.
Alice reached up and took his hand. It was much bigger than hers, and she felt the cold leather of his gloves wrap around her entire hand. He led her up the staircase to the bridge.
Alice looked around them. From up high on the bridge, she could see the entire city below. It was all crumbling ruins. Everyone who had lived there...dead. No one had been able to escape. Once the magic had taken over, that was it.
She didn't want to think about it. She turned away and looked at the bridge. "Do we have to cross this to get to your house?" she asked.
"Yes," said Whit. "Thing is, this bridge has a guardian."
"A...guardian?"
"You know of the beasts?"
She nodded. Creatures from the Otherworld—not demons, but made of the same magic as them. They were unable to change forms as demons were, stuck in a monstrous shell. "There's one on this bridge?"
"Yes," he said. "Well, it's hiding somewhere on this bridge. Let me handle it, all right? Another thing—once we cross this bridge, I cannot take you back home. That, there, on the other side? That's Nien. That's the capital, where the magic was most concentrated. A forest grows through it. There, I can't open portals. The concentration of magic clogs up any opening I can make between worlds. You're sure you don't want to go back home?"
Alice hesitated, but she'd already gone this far. "I'm sure." She squeezed his hand.
"All right, then," he said. "One step at a time."
They started to walk, and Alice felt a strange chill settle over her. They were both silent, the only sounds their quiet footsteps and quick breaths. She felt her heartbeat speed up in her chest. Why did it feel as if there was something behind her?
She started to turn her head to look, but Whit squeezed her hand, and she kept her eyes straight ahead. They were almost halfway across the bridge. The forest in front of them looked like the mouth of a lion, open, waiting. And they were walking right into it.
Alice wanted to look over the side of the bridge, see how far there was to fall. But something told her that if she looked, she might lose something, so she swallowed hard and continued walking.
Maybe she should turn back. Maybe she should just let go of Whit's hand and run away. What if her not being used to magic meant that she wasn't equipped to be somewhere with so high a concentration of it? What if what had happened to Ailthe happened to her?
Alice realized they'd stopped walking. Then she saw that in front of them was a beast. There was no better way to describe this monstrous horror in front of them, a looming shadow with beady, amber eyes and long, spindly limbs that tapered into serrated claws.
She found herself taking a step back. At the movement, the beast's eyes flicked over to her, and a horrid smile spread across its face. She could see the stacked rows of thin, needle-like teeth.
"Steady, Alice," Whit whispered out of the corner of his mouth. To the beast, he spoke in a low, guttural language Alice had never heard before.
The beast replied, its voice seeming to shake the very foundation on which they stood, grating like gravel against Alice's ears. It looked at Alice again.
"It asked your name," said Whit.
"Alice Pleasance," she said, as politely as possible. She felt as if she shouldn't do anything to get on the wrong side of this creature.
The beast repeated her name in a way that sent shivers down Alice's spine. That wasn't pleasant at all. It made another sound then, and it took her a moment to realize it was laughing. Chuckling. Somehow that made her even more unsettled.
It spoke to Whit again, and Whit replied. It was strange—Whit's voice was so much higher and smoother than the beast's, yet it still had this grating quality that Alice couldn't quite identify. It wasn't often she came across a language she couldn't at least guess.
The beast stepped aside, its claws twitching towards the forest. It was almost mocking, gesturing them to go on. There was still that unsettling smile on its face.
Whit said a final word to the beast, then tugged Alice's hand gently and continued walking. "Thank you," she mumbled as she passed, just in case.
As they walked into the forest, she could hear the beast laughing behind them.


Part 5

RAPUNZEL
"So, how are you going to find this witch?" said Ruben from where he sat on Rapunzel's shoulder. "Are you just going to go around asking, 'Hey, who's a witch?' That's the easiest way to find one—and get arrested."
Rapunzel shot him a glare. "That's what you're here for." She kicked a tree branch and shoved another out of her face. She generally liked living in the forest, but it was kind of a pain when she wanted to go to the city. She had to walk through all the trees and dirt, avoiding all those nasty plants and bugs.
"Me? What could I possibly do?" Ruben yelped a little as Rapunzel walked by a branch that nearly took off the top of his head. "Hey, watch out! I'm precious!"
Rapunzel snorted. "Aren't you, like, in all this underground business?"
"I am not!" Ruben said indignantly. "How could you say such a thing?"
"You're literally a faerie. That automatically puts you in the 'underground' category."
"I've never heard of faeries who lived underground."
Rapunzel rolled her eyes. "I mean, you're magical or whatever, right? So you probably know other magical people."
Ruben fell suspiciously silent.
"Ha," she said as she stepped out of the forest into the streets of Milen. It was one of the busiest cities in the whole of Eilyste, which made sense, considering it was the capital. And it was the middle of the day. There were huge throngs of people rushing here and there as if they were late for something. "So, where do we go?"
Ruben mumbled something.
"What was that?"
"What do I get out of this?"
"If you do this, I'll never ask you for anything again. Ever."
"That's what you always say," he grumbled. He gave a bereaved sigh. "Fine. Let's go to the market." He jumped off her shoulder and took off across the street.
"Hey—!" Rapunzel ran after him, narrowly escaping a carriage being pulled by two silver horses. The driver yelled something incomprehensible at her.
"Watch out!" Ruben said gleefully. He always seemed to cheer up when Rapunzel almost died. "Look both ways before crossing the street!"
"Are you trying to kill me?" she cried, ducking beneath a strangely low street sign. "And why do we need to go to the market? Are we going to buy a witch or something?"
"No, of course not!" Ruben said, still running. He looked like a tiny mouse, hard to spot as Rapunzel weaved through the crowd. She half-hoped that someone would just step on him already. "That's trafficking! We're going to the flea market."
"What's a flea market? People go to a market to buy fleas?"
Ruben laughed. "Honestly, you need to go out more. It's a market where you buy secondhand stuff."
"Why would you want to do that?" she said, grimacing. "People are so weird. And why are we going there, when we need to find a witch?"
"I know of a guy, but to get to him, we've got to get some tickets."
"So who is this guy? A witch?"
"He's not a witch, but he knows of them. Witches have different specialties, so he'll help you find the right one. And witches are always coming and going; they don't tend to stay in one place. He's the one in the know. This guy rules the magical community around here."
"You seem to know a lot about this," Rapunzel said suspiciously. "Seems like you are in all this underground business."
"There is no 'underground business,'" Ruben huffed. "He just knows a lot of people, and he's got a lot of connections. He's seen all, done all, and knows all."
"He probably doesn't know as much as me," Rapunzel said.
"Whatever you say," he said. "Here we are!"
Before she could protest, he scurried up onto her shoulder again, a triumphant look on his face.
They had arrived at the entrance to a large square, surrounded by tall buildings. It looked like they were in the shopping center of the city. Glowing signs hung from every level of the buildings, and there were stalls set up everywhere in the square, covering the whole area. There were only narrow aisles for people to pass through. Even though it was still light out, the entire place was lit with bright, colorful lanterns.
"Come on," Ruben said. He slapped her shoulder, and it felt like only a faint tap. "Let's go, horsey!"
"I will flick you off right now," she said.
"Oh, whatever," he said. "Onward!"
Glaring at him, Rapunzel continued through the entrance. A red lantern was thrust toward her, and she instinctively shoved it out of the way.
"Here's a lantern for you, pretty miss!" cried the little girl eagerly, smiling widely as to show her missing teeth. She held out the lantern again. "It'll keep the spirits away!"
"Take it," Ruben said into Rapunzel's ear. "The lanterns are supposed to be good luck. And protection against bad spirits, as she says."
"Fine," Rapunzel said, snatching the lantern out of the girl's hand.
"Oh!" the girl said, shocked at her sudden movement.
"What, you're not going to thank her?" said Ruben as Rapunzel continued on.
"Why should I?" Rapunzel said, grimacing at the lantern. It seemed that almost everyone else at the market had a lantern as well, and there were even some hanging from the stalls. "Why do I need one, anyway? I don't want to keep spirits away—I want to find them."
"It's best not to look too out of place here," said Ruben. "I mean, even you talking in Eyven is pretty suspicious."
People had been staring at Rapunzel, though she'd assumed that was because she was beautiful. "What, does Milen not get tourists or something?"
"You know that traveling between kingdoms is limited now," he said.
"Well, it's not my fault that I'm speaking Eyven," Rapunzel sniffed. Andrina was originally from Eyves. Rapunzel didn't know what her mother was doing in Eilyste, but it wasn't like Rapunzel knew what she was doing in Eilyste either. "Where do you want me to go?"
"Just keep going," said Ruben. "I'll steer you."
"I'm not a carriage! You can't steer me," she said, but she continued walking straight ahead anyway. As she wove through the throngs of people, she kept getting jostled. Stall owners called out to them, trying to tempt customers with cheap prices, exotic items, and over-exaggeration.
"This is a warzone!" Rapunzel said. "People actually like coming here?" Someone shoved into Rapunzel from behind, and another stepped on her foot. "Hey!" she cried. "Watch it!"
"Well, this is how people are," he said. "What do you expect, for people to move over like you're some sort of queen?"
"Um, yeah?"
"Spoiled brat," he muttered.
"Did you say something?" said Rapunzel dangerously.
"Nothing at all!" Ruben said. "Turn right."
Rapunzel turned right and walked for a while longer until Ruben said, "Here."
He poked her on the cheek to turn her head towards one of the stalls, where there was a long table covered with a large blue cloth. On the table, jewelry was arranged: bracelets, necklaces, rings, earrings. There were some other things too, like pins or brooches made of smooth stones and shells.
The stall owner was a faerie, like Ruben. Rapunzel could tell from the pointed tips of her ears, her dark hair swept back so they were on full display. But she was normal-sized.
"Hey, Ruben!" she said, zeroing in on Ruben instantly. "Haven't seen you around for a while. Who's this?" Her narrow gray eyes flicked to Rapunzel's face. "Want to buy something? This would look nice on you!" She held up a string of dark red beads.
Rapunzel grimaced at it. "No. It's ugly."
The stall owner put the necklace down. "Well!" she said. "Way to be rude!"
"She's always like that," said Ruben. "Listen, Kensel, we need two tickets."
"Tickets to what?" said Rapunzel. She was ignored.
"Right up." Kensel reached into her mouth and pulled out two small golden cards, holding them out. "That'll be a sovereign each."
Rapunzel frowned. "I don't have money."
"Well, if you don't have the coin, you don't get the tickets," the faerie said, smiling. She held up the tickets mockingly.
Rapunzel glanced at Ruben. "Is this the only way we can find a witch?"
He shrugged.
Rapunzel ground her teeth.
Kensel smiled placidly. Infuriatingly.
"Eh, say you owe me," she said, holding out the tickets. "Pay me back by the end of the month."
Rapunzel frowned. "I'm not going to owe anybody any—"
"Great!" said Ruben. "Then let's go home."
Rapunzel glared. Then she reached out and snatched the tickets. She held them by the corners with the tips of her fingers. They'd come out of the faerie's mouth, after all.
"Hand," said Kensel.
"Huh?"
"Hold out your hand," Ruben explained.
Confused, Rapunzel did so.
Kensel pulled something out of her pocket and pressed it against the back of Rapunzel's hand. Her skin burned slightly, and when Kensel released her hand, there was a small reddish stamp on the back of it.
"What is that?" Rapunzel said, trying to rub it off.
"It won't come off until you pay me what's owed," Kensel said. "A little reminder."
Rapunzel frowned. "Fine," she said. "Where now, Ruben?"
"Thanks," Ruben called to Kensel as Rapunzel turned away. "Rapunzel, stop making a weird face."
"I am not!" she protested, trying to get out of the crowd.
"Also, take some notes. It wouldn't kill you to say 'thanks' every once in a while," he said.
"It might," she said. "Words are poisonous."
Ruben guided her to another stall, this one much larger and selling pastel prints. There were two people in the stall. Rapunzel couldn't quite tell what they were exactly, but she knew they weren't human.
One was a woman with small triangles cut out of the sides of her ears. Her skin was tinged with a strange purplish color. The other was a man, who looked almost normal except for the fact that his eyes were clear like glass marbles. He wore an off-white tunic, and his hair was a silver-gray, like Ruben, a stark contrast to the brown of his skin.
"Afternoon," Ruben greeted them.
"Good afternoon," replied the man, his voice so deep it was almost hard to hear.
"We're looking for Oskar?" said Ruben.
The man was silent for a moment. His eyes creeped out Rapunzel. She couldn't tell what he was looking at. But he probably couldn't see anything anyway.
"Come on back, then," he said, turning away.
Cautiously, Rapunzel followed the man to the back of the stall. He led them to a large curtain, which seemed to be guarded by a ginormous, emerald green snake that lounged casually in front of it, curled up on the bare floor.
The snake lifted its head off the ground as Rapunzel approached. She grimaced at it. The snake's pupils seemed almost invisible—they were so thin. "Tickets?" the snake hissed.
Rapunzel was frozen for a moment. What if the snake bit her? What if she died?
"Rapunzel," Ruben muttered. "The tickets."
Hesitantly, Rapunzel held out the tickets.
The snake reached out and swallowed both tickets with a flick of its tongue. There was a long, tense moment of silence before it said, "Come in."
The snake slithered out of the way, its tail catching the curtain and pushing it aside. There seemed to be nothing but darkness on the other side.
"Through there," said the man.
"What's in there?" said Rapunzel.
"You want to find a witch, this is the place to go," Ruben said.
Rapunzel weighed her options. Go through that place and possibly die or worse, or just go home and watch Snow White win over the love of her life.
There was no question. She stepped past the curtain.
Immediately, she found herself in a large room, carpeted with soft velvet and brightly lit. The walls were all made of glass, and when she looked behind her, she saw not even a door, just more windows. They appeared to be high up in a building, and when she looked down she could see nothing but clouds.
"What...?"
"It's magic, Rapunzel," said Ruben. "This place is called Fable."
"It takes a while to get used to," said another voice, and Rapunzel jumped a little. Turning, she saw that they weren't alone in the room. One end of the room had a coffee table surrounded by chairs with velvet cushions. In one of the chairs sat a man with a mess of brown hair and pale eyes. He looked...normal. Not ugly. This was the boss of the Eilysten underground? She'd been expecting a bit...more.
Oskar sat slouched in his seat with his head resting on his hand, and he made no effort to sit up as Rapunzel stared at him.
"So," he said casually, continuing in Eilysten. "When was the last time I saw you, Ruben? Can't even remember. You're still as tiny as always. I was sure that by now you'd have gotten stepped on, maybe even accidentally—"
Rapunzel coughed.
Oskar raised his eyebrows at her. "Yes?"
"I need a—"
He held up a hand to stop her. "Oh, you'll get what you need. That depends, of course, on what price you'll be willing to pay to get it."


Part 6

VANESSA
Vanessa looked up from her canvas to where her subject was sitting across the table, eating scones. She stared at him until he finally noticed and shoved the rest of the scone into his mouth, hastily dragging a sleeve across it.
"I told you to sit still," she said, shaking her head in disappointment. "Worst muse ever."
"Um, excuse me, I am an excellent muse," said Kai, swallowing. "It's not my fault these scones happened to be here. I can't help myself."
"Maybe I should switch you with Hans," Vanessa said, glancing over at where Kai's twin brother was sitting at the end of the table, slouched down in his seat with a book propped open in front of him. "At least he can sit still."
At hearing his name, Hans shifted to peer over his book and glasses to look at her. "Huh?"
She rolled her eyes. "Want to switch with Kai? He can't sit still."
Hans looked over at him. "Are you eating scones?" He shook his head. To Vanessa, "I did say that he was a bad idea."
"I need to paint both of you at some point to finish my collection." She gestured up at the wall, where her parents had framed and hung up her paintings of herself, her mother, her father, and her grandmother. All that was missing was her best friends.
"Well, you can't switch Hans for me," said Kai. "We look nothing alike!" He and Hans grinned at each other, and Vanessa rolled her eyes. They were so identical it was almost eerie sometimes.
Vanessa's mother swept into the room, all smiles. "How's everything going? Did you try the scones? Are they good?"
"Amazing," Kai said cheerfully. "Thanks, Mrs. Viray, you're the best."
Vanessa's mother beamed at him.
"Mom," Vanessa groaned, "they're too good, they're distracting."
She laughed, smoothing down Vanessa's hair. "You're almost done with that?"
"Almost," said Vanessa. She shot Kai a dirty look. "Someone doesn't know how to sit still."
"I'm being still!" he protested. "So still, I'm a statue."
"A scone-eating statue," said Hans.
"The statue of your dreams."
Vanessa shook her head, and her mother laughed again, leaving the room. "More like a nightmare," Vanessa said, mixing a warm gray for Kai's eyes.
The boys watched in silence as she painted.
"I am so jealous of your eyes," Kai said finally, gesturing up to the portrait of herself up on the wall. "Mine and Hans's are, like, the color of tombstones. Yours are...nice-brown. And orange-ish. And green-ish."
Vanessa looked up at him, raising an eyebrow. "I think the word you're looking for is 'hazel.'"
"Or that, that works too," he said. "Seriously, though. Where can I get me some eyes like that?"
"Ask my dad," she said with a shrug. Both of her parents had dark brown eyes, like the boys. Her grandmother was the only other one in the family whose eyes had that hint of amber and green. That was probably where Vanessa had gotten it from.
"Maybe if I gouge my eye out and you gouge your eye out we can switch," said Kai.
"Yeah, and let me be stuck with your myopic eyeball? No, thanks."
"Hey, there is nothing wrong with my myopic eyeball!"
"Says the one who just called it tombstone-gray."
"Touché," he said. "But, hey, it doesn't even look like tombstones when you paint it. That's how good you are."
"Obviously," Vanessa scoffed, but the compliment still made her glow. "I mean, I've got a good subject."
"You were just ragging on me for being 'the worst muse ever.'"
"She's talking about me," Hans cut in. "You know, since you can't sit still and all, Vanessa was secretly using me as her subject."
Vanessa laughed. "Explains how much more handsome this painting is than you."
Kai gasped, feigning a scandalized look. "Vanessa! How could you betray me like that?"
Vanessa waved the paintbrush. "I have no loyalties."
"Clearly," he sniffed.
"Okay, but seriously, though, that's really good," said Hans. He sighed. "I'm such a talentless blob next to you."
"Make that two talentless blobs," said Kai.
She laughed again. "You guys are not talentless blobs. You're the only ones who can beat me in a race!"
"That means you still get third place!" Hans said.
She rolled her eyes and continued painting. She finished eventually, signing her name neatly in the corner. She set down her paintbrush. "I think that's it," she said.
"The prettiest me I'll never be," Kai sighed.
"Should I start on you next?" Vanessa said, looking over at Hans. "I'll go get my sketchbook so I can start on some sketches."
She left the kitchen and went into her room, but her sketchbook wasn't there. After a moment of searching, she realized that she'd left it at her grandmother's house when she'd visited last night. Sighing, she went back and told the boys.
"It's okay," said Hans. "You don't have to—"
"We can go with you to get it," said Kai, hopping out of his seat and grabbing another scone from the place in the middle of the table. "Miss Red loves us."
That was true. She liked that the boys called her "Miss Red"—her favorite color was red. It was only a quick walk to her house anyway. "Okay."
Vanessa went back to her room and grabbed her cloak and satchel—it wasn't that cold out, but she still liked the feeling of the warm fabric draped around her shoulders. "Mom, Dad!" she called. "I'm going to Grandmother's with Kai and Hans!"
"Okay!" her mother shouted back. "Why don't you bring her some scones?"
Vanessa did so, placing them neatly into a little container and dropping it into her satchel. She found the boys already waiting outside. The moment she stepped outside and slipped into her sandals, Kai said, "Race you!" and took off. Hans was right on his heels.
"You guys—" Vanessa only spared a split second to roll her eyes before chasing after them.
Kai and Hans were both laughing as they darted through the streets, shoes scuffing on the ground, kicking up dust. People shouted angrily at them, jumping out of the way. Vanessa barely had the breath to call behind her, "Sorry! Sorry!"
They finally turned into the small alley that led to Vanessa's grandmother's neighborhood. Vanessa collapsed against the wall, breathing hard. Her satchel had been banging against her hip as she ran, and now that part was aching.
Hans seemed barely winded, but Kai was panting just as much as her. "Beat you," he said between gasps, grinning.
"Barely," she said. "You guys nearly killed half the people on the way here, but at least we made it."
They found the doorway to Vanessa's grandmother's small quarters. Vanessa knocked on the wooden door. She waited a little, but no one answered. She knocked again.
"Maybe she's sleeping," suggested Kai.
"It's the middle of the day."
"Ever heard of naps?"
"We can get in through the side, anyway," said Vanessa. She led them around the side of the house, stepping over the rosebushes that grew against the walls. They made it to the side door, where Vanessa pulled the bobbin to unlatch the door.
The three of them stepped inside. Hans closed the door behind them.
The place was dark, curtains still hanging over the windows. There was a single lantern lit in the living room—had it been there all night? Vanessa put it out, in case it started a fire.
Her sketchbook was sitting on the table, where she'd left it. She took it and slipped it into her satchel, then looked around.
"Guess no one's home," she said.
"Weird," said Kai, which she'd been thinking too.
"Maybe she's out with friends?" said Hans.
"Does your grandmother have friends?" Kai said, but not rudely. It was sort of true. Vanessa had no idea what her grandmother did when she wasn't around, or who she spent her time with. She kind of assumed her grandmother milled about at home like regular old people.
"It feels like she's been gone a while," said Vanessa. "Huh. Let's just leave the scones and go." There was something strangely uneasy about the place, and she didn't want to stay there for too long.
Hans had been wandering around, and he called, "There's a light in here."
They followed him over to a room with a door cracked slightly open that Vanessa recognized as her grandmother's bedroom. Maybe she was napping. But with a light on?
Vanessa knocked on the door. "Grandmother?" she called quietly.
No reply.
Vanessa frowned and pushed the door open a little more, looking inside. The room was empty.
"That's weird," Kai said again, echoing her own thought as he peered in over her head. "Why would she leave the light in her bedroom?"
"I don't know," said Vanessa. "Better put it out."
She went into the room, crossing the floor to the bedside table where the lantern was lit.
"What's this?" Hans asked.
Vanessa had been in the process of putting out the lantern. She turned and looked. There, on her grandmother's bed, was a piece of paper, crudely folded. Hans was pointing to it, somewhat accusingly, as if it was the reason for Vanessa's grandmother's strange absence.
Kai reached for it, but Vanessa stopped him. "I don't think we should go looking through my grandmother's stuff. Just leave it. She's probably out at the market or something."
"You really think that?" He gave her a skeptical look.
"I don't know," she said. "I'm sure she's...fine." Vanessa couldn't even convince herself.
"What if she's been kidnapped?" said Kai. "Maybe this is a ransom note."
"Don't be ridiculous," she said, frowning.
"What if her fate lies in this one note?" he said. "What if—"
"Ugh, fine," Vanessa said, snatching up the paper and unfolding it.
It was not a ransom note, or even a note at all. It appeared to be a quick, messy sketch of a map.
She couldn't read it. The names of the places were illegible, the ink having spread slightly so the letters were blurred. The layout of the map was unfamiliar, too. Venja was a pretty small town that Vanessa knew her way around well enough, so it couldn't have been a map of their home. The only thing Vanessa was sure about was the big, dark X slashed into the paper over some landmark.
"Maybe your grandmother is secretly a treasure hunter," Kai said.
"Only amateur treasure hunters leave behind the map for the treasure they want to find," Vanessa said, still frowning. What could this possibly mean?
"Hm, you're right," he said. "But hey—what makes you so sure your grandmother isn't an amateur?"
"Because, like me, she's awesome," Vanessa said, squinting at the words behind the X.
"Castle," Hans read aloud from over her shoulder. "Is that what it says? Just 'castle?'"
"How did you read that?"
"I have glasses," he said, pointing to said glasses. "They're my secret superpower. What is that place anyway?"
"Maybe it's made-up," Kai suggested.
"And maybe it's not," Vanessa replied. She felt something wet beneath her finger, and she lifted it. Words had suddenly appeared on the paper in dark, wet ink.
"I swear that wasn't there before," she mumbled.
She'd slightly smudged the first word in the message, but she could still make out what it read. "How?" she said aloud, reading the words again.
"It is a clue!" Kai said triumphantly.
Find me.


Part 7

RAPUNZEL
Rapunzel crossed her arms in front of her chest, frowning at Oskar. "I am not going to owe anyone else anything today!"
He raised his eyebrows, sitting up and crossing one long, gangly leg over the other. "Who said anything about owing? No, I don't do debts. You'll pay your price here and now. No owing, no debts."
Rapunzel glared down at Ruben lounging on her shoulder. "Why didn't you tell me that I would have to be paying people?"
"Because you're not supposed to pay them," he said brightly. "You're not even supposed to be here."
"You set me up to fail."
"Who said I didn't?" Ruben grinned. "Come on, as if I would actually let you curse an innocent girl. Your mother would kill me! I figured you would have given up when Kensel asked you for payment, but I guess you really do hate this girl."
"Um, obviously." Who did Ruben think she was? She didn't just give up like that. She shot Oskar a dirty look. He was watching the exchange with a bemused look on his face. Rapunzel wanted to slap it off. "Fine. What do I have to pay to find a witch who can help me curse a girl?"
"Like, seriously," said Ruben. "I thought this was funny at first, but now it's going kind of far...We really should be going back home."
She glared at him again, holding up her hand where Kensel had stamped it. This was just wonderful. Now she had one bandaged hand and one marked hand. "I'm already two sovereigns in debt. I'm not wasting them."
"Wise decision," said Oskar. "Take a seat." He gestured to the empty chairs around him.
Ruben pinched Rapunzel's ear. "Seriously, I'm not—"
"You already brought me here," Rapunzel said. "So it's too late to take it back." She sat in the largest chair available, which was actually the second largest in the room because Oskar was sitting in the one that took first place. Ruben hopped off her shoulder to sit on the armrest, arms crossed petulantly.
"First things first," Oskar said, plucking a thick leather book out of thin air, "please sign the ledger." Making a pen materialize, he opened the book and handed both it and the pen to Rapunzel, tapping an empty line.
Really? This was so much work. But Rapunzel took them both. She started to sign her name, but Ruben said, "Not your real name."
Rapunzel blinked at him.
"Just do as I say."
"It's not like I even know my real name," she snapped, but she scribbled something random on the line and handed the book and pen back to Oskar, who looked at it, closed the book, then tossed it over his shoulder along with the pen.
"So," he said, steepling his fingers. "You want to curse a girl. Let me guess—you hate someone either because of jealousy, frustration, or something like that, and you feel like you want them dead even though you haven't sat down to think the whole matter through."
"Thank you," Ruben said loudly.
Rapunzel glared, tempted to just flick him off the chair. "I don't need to think about this. I already know what I want to do, and I want this girl dead. Her name is Snow White, and I want to kill her."
"Hm," said Oskar. He shrugged. "Well, if you want to kill her, then why are you here?"
Rapunzel frowned. "I said, I need a curse. A death curse."
"Yes, but why?"
"Because I hate her!" She wondered if he'd been listening to anything she'd said.
"But you said you want to kill her."
"Yes!" said Rapunzel, thoroughly frustrated now. Why was her life so hard?
"So, in other words," Oskar said slowly, "you want to kill her, only you don't actually want to kill her because you want a witch to kill her using a curse."
Rapunzel thought for a moment. "Yeah, it'd be too much work for me to do it."
"Uh huh," said Oskar. "And you hate her because...?"
"Because she stole the heart of the love of my life."
"Ah, so it is jealousy," he said. "So you're sure you don't want to do it yourself? Jealousy is usually kind of a personal thing, so people usually want to do things themselves..."
Rapunzel thought. "It would be fun to stab her," she admitted. "But then she'd probably spurt blood all over the place, and that would be gross."
"Hm." Oskar gazed out the window for a long moment. Finally, he turned back to her and said, "All right. I know who you need. Nicolai. He specializes in memories."
Rapunzel started to speak. Why would she need a witch who specialized in memories?
"I know what you're thinking, just hear me out. Even if you get rid of Snow, your love will probably still have feelings for her, maybe even more when she's gone. So the best way to get rid of her would be to make your love forget about her," said Oskar. "Being forgotten is the worst death of all."
Rapunzel thought. That did make sense. "But I still want her dead. Like, actually dead."
"All right," he said. "Then poison. That's nice, clean, and easy. I know of just the thing for you—poisonous apples. They only grow in Ailthe, but tons of people have used them. They're especially clever because they're only poisonous to the person you want to kill."
"But how am I supposed to get them if they're in Ailthe?"
Oskar shrugged. "You'll have to fetch them, I suppose."
"Um, no," said Ruben. "I'm not letting you go to Ailthe."
Rapunzel looked coolly at him. Then she flicked him off the chair. He went spiraling through the air with an indignant shriek. To Oskar, she said, "Fine. What do I have to pay?"
He looked at her thoughtfully. "May I see your hands?"
"I said I wasn't going to be in debt!"
"You won't be," he said. "I just want to see."
Rapunzel reluctantly held out her hands.
"And your sleeves." Oskar mimed rolling them up. "Don't worry, I ask everyone this."
Now Rapunzel was really suspicious, but she did it anyway. This was taking way too long.
"I see," said Oskar. After a moment of awkward silence, Rapunzel put her hand over her birthmark. This was so uncomfortable. Finally, he said, "What I want is a lock of your hair."
She frowned. "That sounds creepy." And completely random.
He shrugged. "Think of it what you will. Your hair wants cutting, anyway. Just a strand and I'll send you off to Nicolai's." He casually pulled a pair of shears from his pocket. It unsettled Rapunzel to think he'd had that on him the whole time. He held them out to her.
"Absolutely not!" Ruben protested, climbing back onto the chair.
"I will flick you off again," Rapunzel told him, pulling her sleeves back down. "And that'll teach you not to set me up." She took the shears, then pulled a long strand of chocolate brown hair from the back of her head. She sighed. Her beautiful, beautiful hair. Before she could hesitate further, she snipped it off and handed both it and the shears back to Oskar.
Oskar smiled. "Thank you. Now, my end of the deal. Off to Nicolai you go!"
Before Rapunzel could do anything, the room was falling.
She grabbed onto the arms of the chair, mouth open, unable to scream as everything plunged downward. Her vision blurred, and she couldn't see Oskar's infuriating face—she couldn't see anything other than a wash of white as everything flew by so fast that it was impossible to catch.
She was going to die.
Everything stopped, so suddenly that her whole body snapped against the chair she still sat in. She winced. Rapunzel extracted her nails from the arms of the chair and brushed her hair out of her face, scowling as she looked around, ready to tear into Oskar.
He wasn't there. She realized, then, that she wasn't in the same chair she'd been sitting in. It was a different one, leather instead of velvet, and the table in front of her displayed a teapot and a few steaming cups of tea. It wasn't even the same room; the walls were actually walls and not made of glass. Through the singular window, she could see that she was beneath the clouds now, and there was another city outside—not Milen, but similar.
There were chairs still across from her, though Oskar wasn't seated there. There was another man, eyes a warm brown and hair a deep crimson. He was dressed in a clean white suit, red embroidery snaking down the front. In the chair beside him was a woman whose hair hung in soft black curls around her shoulders, and whose lips and dress matched the red of the man's hair and suit. Rapunzel's nose stung with the inexplicable scent of vanilla.
"Good afternoon," said the woman, smiling. Her Eilysten was softly accented. "I assume Oskar has sent you here?"
Rapunzel nodded, briefly wondering where Ruben was. Maybe the drop had sent him hurtling through some crack in the window. That would be good. "I'm looking for a Nicolai."
The woman nodded. "This is Nicolai." She gestured loosely to the man, who leaned forward and picked one of the teacups off the table. "I'm Cecilia," she continued. "I'm his interpreter. Have some tea."
Rapunzel narrowed her eyes at the teacups and didn't pick one up. "I need you to wipe someone's memory for me."
"Of course you do," Cecilia said. "Care to give the specifics?"
Rapunzel sighed. "I—"
"She does not need your services, thank you very much!" Ruben exclaimed, jumping from out of nowhere to land on Rapunzel's shoulder.
Rapunzel reached up to brush him off. "I don't know him. There's this girl—"
"Your mother is going to kill you!" he wailed, ducking out of the way of her hand. "She's going to kill me!"
"Oh, shut up," Rapunzel snapped, flicking him off. She turned back to Nicolai and Cecilia, who were regarding her with curious expressions. "I'm in love with this guy, but there's this girl, Snow White, who stole his heart. So I need him to forget about her."
"Hm." Cecilia and Nicolai shared a glance Rapunzel couldn't interpret. Nicolai took a sip of tea. "So...do you know who this 'guy' is?"
Rapunzel frowned, shaking her head. "I don't know who he is, but he's rich and goes around with a bunch of guards following. He has blond hair and blue eyes and he's super beautiful. He's a little older than me, I guess. I don't know his name, only hers. Snow White is a stupid name."
Cecilia and Nicolai looked at each other again. Then, carefully, Cecilia said, "I think I know who you're talking about?"
"Really?" Rapunzel looked at her eagerly. "Who is he?"
"I find it somewhat strange that you love him even though you don't know him..." Cecilia shrugged. "I think you must be talking about the Grand Prince, which is unfortunate."
"He's a prince?" That made a lot of sense, Rapunzel guessed. "Why is that unfortunate? That's even better!" But even worse that Snow White had somehow become his favored.
"Um, what I think she means is that he's a prince, the Grand Prince of Eilyste, and you're just...some random girl who lives in a forest," said Ruben, climbing up onto the armrest and giving Rapunzel a wary look.
She glared at him.
"So you think that if he forgets about her, he'll fall in love with you?" said Cecilia.
"Who wouldn't fall in love with me?"
"People who don't like girls," Ruben piped up. "And probably anyone with a brain."
She glared again. "Can you help me or not?" she snapped, mostly at Cecilia, because Nicolai was still casually drinking tea and just watching.
Cecilia just looked at Nicolai. He took another sip, then placed the teacup carefully back onto the table. Turning to Rapunzel, he made a strange gesture in her direction.
Rapunzel stared. Had he just cursed her or something?
"He says he'll do it. Erase the prince's memories of this Snow White," said Cecilia. Nicolai was still signing as she continued to translate, "We typically charge by every minute of memory, but we're going to have to up the price because it's the Grand Prince we're dealing with."
Rapunzel sighed. She was already paying so much, what was a little bit more? "Fine," she said. "Whatever."
"So it'll be three sovereigns per minute of memory."
Rapunzel blinked. What, did they want to make her homeless or something? She hoped that Snow was barely a footnote in the prince's memories. Though something told her she wasn't. "Fine," she said again. Besides, what was a little bit of money when once she got the prince, she could have all the money she wanted?
"Great!" Cecilia flashed her a bright smile. Nicolai at least didn't even try to pretend like this was any sort of fun. "We'll just have to mark you to make sure you pay up later..."
Rapunzel sighed again. Another mark on her beautiful skin. She held out her hand anyway, and Cecilia stamped it next to Kensel's mark.
"Wonderful doing business with you," Cecilia said, still smiling. "The mark will glow when we've completed our end of the deal, and then you can come back so we can discuss your final payment."
"Whatever," Rapunzel said. "Now I have to get to Ailthe..."
Cecilia looked at her. "Ailthe? But..."
Rapunzel waved a dismissive hand. "He might forget about Snow, but I want her dead. I need to get poisonous apples from Ailthe."
"Well, we don't want to hold you up," said Cecilia. She glanced at Nicolai, who nodded and stood, gesturing with his head for Rapunzel to follow. Suspiciously, Rapunzel got up to do so.
"Hey, where are you going?" Ruben demanded, rushing onto her shoulder.
"To Ailthe, duh," she said. Nicolai went up to the wall and placed his palm against it. After a moment, the wall melted away to reveal an extension of the room—a kitchen.
Nicolai crossed over into the kitchen, going over to the oven. Rapunzel followed, nose twitching as the smell of vanilla strengthened. She watched, confused, as Nicolai opened the oven. He gestured to it, now with a smile that was much too cheerful.
She gave him a skeptical look. "You want me to go through that?"
He nodded, still smiling.
She sighed. "Fine," she muttered.
"What do you mean, 'fine?'" said Ruben. He hopped off her shoulder onto the counter. "I'm not coming with you. I'm going to tell—"
"Fine, then," Rapunzel said. "Stay here. You're annoying anyway."
And then she climbed through the oven.


Part 8

VANESSA
Vanessa paced around the small bedroom space, worrying at her bottom lip as she stared at the map clutched in her shaking hands. How was she supposed to find her grandmother when she could barely even read the map? Was this map really telling her where to go?
"So, should we report Miss Red as missing?" said Kai. "Tell your parents?" He was perched on the bed next to Hans. Vanessa couldn't spare the moment to tell them it was sort of improper to be sitting on an old woman's bed without permission.
"I..." Vanessa paused, holding out the map as if looking at it from some other angle might reveal another hidden clue. "I don't think we should do either of those things. I think she wants me to find her."
"Well, yeah, that's what it says," he said, pointing to the message.
"How do we even know that it's from her?" said Hans. "What if it's from one of her friends or something, and she went looking for them?"
Vanessa frowned. "She wouldn't leave this behind, then. I think this was meant for me. That's why the message showed up when I touched it."
"Okay, but then if she was going somewhere, why wouldn't she just tell you?"
"Because she was kidnapped, Hans!" said Kai. "What else?"
Hans looked skeptical. "Well, then if it's so obvious that she was kidnapped, we should report it."
Vanessa dropped onto the bed beside them. She hoped her grandmother wouldn't mind. "If she was kidnapped, I don't think she would have the time to plant this here so perfectly. How did she even get this? She's not a witch."
"Oh," said Hans, as if just realizing something. "You're right—we can't report it. If we do, we'll have to show them the map, and they'll realize she was using magic, or at least was in possession of a magical object. Even if she's actually a victim of a kidnapping, she's still in the wrong for this." He gestured to the map.
Vanessa almost dropped it. She'd been too shocked to even realize. She was holding a magical object. This thing had magic. Ten years living with it outlawed in Phire had turned magic into a sort of myth—she knew it existed, but it was so hard to think of it actually being used.
"So, what?" said Kai. "We at least have to tell your parents, right?"
Vanessa frowned. "Yeah, but they'll probably want to report it. They're definitely not going to let me keep this map."
"You want to keep it?" Hans said, looking at her skeptically. "It's not like you can follow it."
"I know, but I feel like I should. I don't know...I feel like she meant for me to find this. So I think I have to go there." She gestured to the X on the map.
"Well, how are you planning to do that?" he said. "Where even is it?"
"I don't know." Vanessa stood, thrusting the map into Hans's hands. "Use your superpower and find out where that is. I'm going to look around...maybe she left something else behind."
"Um...you know I was kidding about that superpower, right?" said Hans as Vanessa looked around the room, opening one of her grandmother's drawers.
It felt weird to look through things that weren't hers. But it was strange, the room seemed so empty. It wasn't filled with keepsakes like Vanessa's own home—no paintings, not even photographs. No books or anything to pass the time with. That was extra strange, considering how just earlier she'd been wondering if her grandmother even had any friends. How did her grandmother pass the time? There was nothing but the bare necessities, occupying scant spaces on the dresser and table.
This room could have belonged to any stranger.
"Um...Vanessa?"
Vanessa looked over at Hans, who was staring at the map with wide eyes. Kai wore the same expression. Hans turned the map around so that it faced her.
"I still can't read it. But look."
He pointed to the compass rose in the bottom right corner of the map. It was...spinning?
No, it wasn't spinning. There was a small, thin arrow on the compass, and it was that arrow that was spinning.
Suddenly, it stopped.
They stared.
"Is that supposed to mean something?" said Kai.
Vanessa took the map. "It's pointing to something." She turned slowly around the room, and the arrow followed her movements.
There, her grandmother's...closet?
"Um, are we supposed to look in there or something?" Kai said.
"Maybe." Vanessa went over and carefully pulled the closet open. She didn't know what she was expecting—maybe for something to blow up? For her grandmother to jump out and say it was all a joke?
But it was just a closet, full of clothes that Vanessa had seen a hundred times over. She glanced down at the map, but it was still pointing to the closet.
"Huh," she said.
"Maybe there's something inside?" said Kai.
"Yeah, clothes," Hans said.
Vanessa ignored him as she pushed aside her grandmother's soft dresses. This closet, at least, smelled of her grandmother. A reminder that someone indeed did live in this house, sleep in this room.
The closet was endlessly dark. She reached out a hand to touch the back wall but didn't find it. Frowning, she pushed her way further into the closet.
"Find anything?" said Kai.
"Not that I can—Wait a minute."
Vanessa stopped. Everything around her was strangely dark. How deep was she in this closet, anyway? Her hand was still out, yet she still wasn't touching a wall. She glanced behind her, but instead of seeing a row of her grandmother's clothes, she saw...nothing.
"Guys?" she called hesitantly.
No answer.
"Guys?" There wasn't even an echo.
Then there was a wind, stirring. Gentle at first, then picking up speed until it felt as if she were trapped in the middle of a cyclone. Her hair blew wildly around her, wrapping around her face and neck like it wanted to suffocate her.
Then the wind was gone.
Vanessa stumbled forward, her foot catching on something. She fell, catching herself on rough, rocky ground. Looking around wildly, she could see a ruined city, like something out of a painting, not real life.
She pushed herself to her feet, wincing at the small pebbles that had embedded themselves into her palms. Beating her hands clean and shoving her hair out of her face, she stood, all alone.
"Hello?" she called out. The city swallowed her words. "Kai? Hans? Anyone?"
The wind whistled in reply.
Vanessa coughed at the choking dust, looking down at the map she still had clenched in her hands. She held it up, smoothing out the creases.
The arrow had moved. It pointed through the city. Vanessa looked ahead at where it pointed. Nothing more than the same crumbling buildings, crawling with overgrowth and vines that looked like snakes.
She sighed. Well, she was here now, and there didn't seem to be any way to get back to Phire, so might as well head off to this "castle."
Shoving the map into her satchel and adjusting her cloak around her shoulders, she started to walk through the desolate ruins of the city.


Part 9

LORY
"She keeps trying to set me up with that Mr. Kingsley," Charlotte groaned, rolling over on her bed to stare up at the ceiling. "He's ages older than me—he's even older than Henry!" She shuddered, making a face.
"Well...Henry isn't that much older than you," Lory said, wincing as she patted Charlotte on the arm. Charlotte's older brother was five years older than her.
"He's practically senile," Charlotte despaired. Lory wasn't sure whether she was talking about Henry or Mr. Kingsley. "I've barely just debuted, and my mother thinks indulging all these creepy old men is a good idea."
"Mr. Kingsley isn't that old either," Lory said weakly, though she thought of anyone over twenty eyeing her or Charlotte and felt like throwing up.
"Are you on my side or not?" said Charlotte. She sighed. "My mother just can't wait to get rid of me! I'm so busy trying to keep up relations."
Lory smiled a little. "Well, aren't you popular."
She rolled her eyes, sitting up. "Well? Tell me about you, then."
Lory shook her head. "I'm not debuting for another two years! I'll stay out of all this business until then."
Charlotte raised her eyebrows. "Are you sure about that? What if someone beautiful comes rushing into your life and sweeps you off your feet? What if they make you swoon?" She slapped the back of her hand against her forehead and demonstrated.
Now it was Lory's turn to roll her eyes. "Please, let me know when that happens."
Charlotte pointed to the book Lory had in her hand. "No one around here can keep up with your mind, anyway. What's that?"
She lifted the book a little. "Anatomical Observations from the Frontlines," she read. "My mother received a copy for her contributions to it."
"She was a nurse, though? Not a surgeon? She didn't deal with all those anatomical things, did she? Just cheering up the soldiers and the like."
Lory shrugged. "Even if that was all she did, she was still around the surgeons."
"Hm. Any good?"
"Probably not for you."
"Probably not," Charlotte agreed. "You know, I tried getting into one of those books, but my mother told me that it'd be useless anyway, since there's unlikely to be wars for a while, and why should I have to learn all this when I should be looking for a husband instead?" She mimed gagging.
Lory frowned. "Why are there unlikely to be wars?"
Charlotte looked surprised at that. "What do you mean? The Revolution was only ten years ago. Can you imagine another war after all that?" She shuddered. "I don't even want to think about it."
Lory didn't either. "At least we were all together then."
"Right," Charlotte said. She looked away. "All of us. Quinn and Livia, too."
Lory froze. Quinn and Livia Errington were hardly more than a memory in her mind, so hazy that sometimes she wondered if they weren't dreams. Quinn had been just younger than Austin, and Livia had been just younger than Lory. They'd fit together almost perfectly.
"Do you think they're still alive?" Lory said carefully.
Charlotte was silent for a moment, eyes unreadable. Then she shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe it's best not to wonder. It's been eight years already, and Korev's borders are closed. Even if they are alive, it's not like they or we can do anything."
Lory was about to respond when a piercing wail cut through the thin walls. Charlotte sighed and fell back onto the bed.
"Charlotte!" yelled Lady Winters, her voice only a touch louder than the screeching cries. "Could you take care of Leopold?"
Charlotte sighed again. "All right!" she hollered. To Lory, she muttered, "Ugh, he never shuts up. Even Michael wasn't as bad as him." She slid out of bed, and Lory followed her as they stepped over Michael's train tracks and headed out into the hall.
Outside, Michael had finished the tracks and was pushing a small chain of wooden train cars down it, miming the engine and whistles of the train.
"By the way," said Lory. "Where did Alice go?"
Charlotte glanced over at her and shrugged. "Figured she was with Michael."
They both looked over at Michael, sitting alone. He made two train engines crash into each other, complete with an explosion noise, spittle flying from his mouth.
"Huh," said Charlotte.
They entered the nursery, which was a small room, dark, the curtains drawn shut. In the corner of the room was a crib, the source of the awful crying.
They went over to the crib, peering down at the small child curled up, face red and scrunched. Lory marveled at how small he was. She was so used to Alice being the smallest human being she was constantly around.
Leopold was still crying as Charlotte picked him up, grimacing at how he dragged his wet face down the front of her dress. "Do you smell anything?" she asked Lory. "Or is he just being a dramatic three-year-old?"
"Everything smells fine to me," Lory replied. She'd have thought Leopold was past the crying phase by now, though who was she to know? She'd barely paid attention when Alice was an infant—there'd been so much going on, what with the war and all.
Charlotte sighed, holding Leopold tight to her shoulder and patting him on the back gently. "Done crying yet?" she said.
Leopold sniffed and hiccupped in response.
"Let's take him outside," Charlotte said. "Now that he's awake he's never going to fall asleep again, so might as well take him out to where he won't crash into anything and destroy any of Mother's valuable porcelains or smash his head in."
They did just that, and Michael, upon seeing them heading out, grabbed his trains and ran after. Lory thought about calling for Alice, but wherever she was, it seemed she didn't want to be found, so she didn't.
"Honestly, if I ever end up settling for any of those old boors, they'd better not expect me to bear any children," said Charlotte. "I have had enough of caring for these underdeveloped human beings. Get me a cat who knows how to cuddle and I'll be set for life."
"Might as well not marry, then," said Lory.
"Wouldn't that be swell," Charlotte sighed. "I swear, these boys are giving me gray hairs—ow! Leopold!"
Leopold had grabbed a fistful of Charlotte's curls and was tugging on them with a determined expression on his face. Evidently, he'd forgotten about what had set him on his crying fit in the first place.
Charlotte winced as she extracted his hand from her hair. "No," she said firmly, shifting him on her hip as she walked down the steps of the manor. "No grabbing!"
Michael had run ahead into the field and was swinging his trains around like they were flying. He stopped suddenly, pointing. "What's that?"
They both looked.
Charlotte started, so fiercely she nearly dropped Leopold. "By the Fates! Is that a dead body?"
Lory ran forward, Charlotte behind her as fast as she could whilst carrying a baby. Something was sticking out of the grass—legs, with shiny black shoes.
As they approached, Lory realized that first of all, no, it wasn't a dead body—it was much too small and stiff—and second, it was Clara, lying on her back with her legs up.
And she was all alone.
Frowning, Lory reached down and picked up Clara. Why would Alice just leave her here like that? Where was Alice?
"Well, while I'm glad it's not a dead body," said Charlotte, "I have to say that this is just as alarming."
And Lory was inclined to agree. She looked around the field, but there was no trace of Alice, no flash of golden hair or bright orange dress.
"Alice?" she called hesitantly.
Charlotte was much less reserved than she was, yelling at the top of her lungs, "Alice! Where are you? Why'd you leave poor Clara out here all alone?"
"She's probably playing some sort of game," Lory sighed.
"Yes, well, I'd still feel better knowing where she is," Charlotte said with a frown. "Alice! Where'd you go?"
Michael and Leopold, having caught on, began yelling as well. Michael actually managed to shout for Alice, while Leopold just called out random things.
"By the Fates!" exclaimed Lady Winters. "What is going on?"
They turned to find Lady Winters and Lady Pleasance hurrying towards them. They'd hiked their skirts up and were picking their way through the tall grass.
"We can't find Alice," Charlotte said, putting a hand over Leopold's mouth to shut him up. "Has she been with you?"
Both of them frowned. "I thought she was with you," said Lady Pleasance.
"Well, she was," Charlotte said defensively. She sighed. "Alice! You can come out now! All in, all in, all the outs in free!"
Lory narrowed her eyes. She wouldn't put it past Alice to try to play hide-and-seek with only herself and a non-sentient doll, but there was something off, more than the fact that Alice still wasn't responding. Surely Alice would be sensible enough to realize that this was humoring absolutely no one?
Everyone else had wandered off to search for Alice. Only Lory was left standing in the middle of the field, clutching Clara loosely in one hand. Alice's name echoed all around her.
But there was this awful, sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. Something told her they weren't going to find Alice, no matter how long and hard they looked.
Something told her...Alice was gone.


Part 10

ALICE
The forest was nothing but tall, dark trees and mossy plants. It smelled damp and earthy, and the soil beneath their feet was soft, as if it'd been recently overturned. Above their heads, the trees twisted, a large canopy under which Alice and Whit walked in the cool shade.
"What did you say to that beast?" said Alice, reaching out to touch a tree with a thick white trunk. She felt the need to touch everything, which was probably unsafe, but if this was the only chance she got, she would take it.
"On the bridge?" said Whit. He shrugged. "I just asked it to let us pass without issue. I've come and gone enough times that it's familiar, with me, but for you I—"
"Hello?"
They both paused at the faint, distant call. It shouted something in a language Alice didn't know—Phirish?
Alice looked over her shoulder, trying to ignore the cold shiver the voice had sent down her spine. "Did you hear that?"
Whit narrowed his eyes. "Yes, but what is someone else doing in Ailthe?"
They waited, but heard nothing else.
"Was that a spirit?" Alice said, looking nervously into the deep, dark forest. Perhaps the lingering soul of a poor creature who'd died during Ailthe's devastation?
He looked at her. "Can you hear spirits?"
She shrugged. "I've never had to wonder before!"
"I don't think it's a spirit," he said. "I think it's an actual person."
"Then should we help them?" said Alice. "You said it was dangerous—they're probably all alone."
Whit looked torn for a moment. "Well, if they're lost, maybe I can help send them back to where they're from." He glanced up at the sky. "Let's hurry. It's still a while before dark, but we'll have to walk a bit to get to the first safe point."
They turned and hurried back to the edge of the forest, where the bridge was. It looked empty, but Alice knew its guardian was hiding somewhere. Perhaps it was just there, watching them now. She shivered at the thought.
Whit seemed to hesitate at the edge of the bridge. "You should stay on this side," he said to Alice. "I'll go and find whoever that was—"
"Hey!" Alice pointed. "Is that them?"
He turned to look. There was a tiny red speck in the distance, moving down one of the abandoned streets.
"Well, it certainly doesn't belong here," he said.
"Do you think they can hear us?" said Alice. She jumped up and down, waving her arms. "Hey! Hello!"
The red spot froze, then continued in their direction. As they approached, Alice saw it was another girl, with long, dark hair and a red cloak that billowed behind her. A brown leather satchel was slung across her shoulder. She gave them a wary look as she stopped at the other side of the bridge.
"Hello?" she said.
"Hello!" Alice said, speaking in Royal Ailthean. It was the official language of the empire, or, at least, it had been. "Are you alone? Are you lost? Do you need help?"
The girl frowned at her. "Um...Yes, I suppose. To all three. Who are you?"
Alice glanced at Whit. This girl seemed harmless enough, and Alice had already given her name away to a stranger, so what was the harm in giving it to another? "I'm Alice," she said. Whit, with narrowed eyes, didn't introduce himself.
"I'm Vanessa," said the girl. "And, yeah, I'm lost." She opened her satchel and reached inside for something. Both Whit and Alice tensed, but Vanessa only drew out a folded piece of paper. She held it up. "I'm looking for someone. This is a map, but I can't read it. Do you know where we are?" She started to head across the bridge.
"Don't," Whit said sharply, and Vanessa froze.
"There's a scary beast on the bridge," Alice informed her.
Vanessa looked around, stepping off the bridge. "Where?"
Alice shrugged. "I don't know. It just showed up when we went across."
"Oh."
"We're in Ailthe," said Alice.
Vanessa stared at her. "Huh?"
"Ailthe," Alice called. "That's Enre, this is Nien."
"Nien? Ailthe? You mean..." Vanessa looked frantically around her. "Why am I here? What? How did I get here? That's so far away...Wait a minute, what are you doing here?"
Alice shrugged. "I just followed W—him through a portal." She gestured to Whit.
Vanessa frowned. "I think I went through a portal, too. But I just walked through my grandmother's closet. I'm looking for her. The map says to go this way. Across the bridge. So...how am I supposed to get across?"
Alice looked at Whit. He looked down at her. Then he sighed and said, "All right. I'll help you across." He walked across the bridge to where Vanessa was. She gave him a suspicious look.
"So who are you?" she said.
"Whit," he said. "And you're looking for your...grandmother."
Vanessa nodded.
"Hm," he said. "Can I see that map?" Vanessa showed it to him, and after studying it for a moment, he looked over to Alice and said, "We'll take her with us. We're headed the same way."
"Really?" said Vanessa. "Where are you guys going?"
"To my house."
"You live here?"
Whit shrugged. "Yeah?"
"But it's like...ruined. No one lives here."
"I do," he said. "Come on. It'll take a while to get there, but—"
"Hey," called Alice. "There's someone else."
The others turned to look. There was, indeed, another person. Another girl, about the same age as Vanessa and Whit. Alice had watched her pick her way through the rubble towards them, and she frowned now at being noticed.
"Ugh, great, more people," she said, not even trying to hide her disdain. She approached the bridge anyway, and though Alice was at a distance, she could tell that the girl was beautiful.
Her beauty was ethereal, almost. There was an effortless grace to her as she walked down the rocky path, her brown hair falling down her shoulders in soft waves. She wore a pale pink dress, which matched her slippers, and her features were flawless. The only thing that kept her from being perfect was the cold, hard expression on her lovely face.
"What are you doing here?" said the girl. Even her voice was beautiful, each word sounding like a musical note that was perfectly in tune. Her accent had a strange lilt—sort of Eyven, but also a bit Eilysten. "I thought this place was abandoned. It's a literal wasteland here."
"I could ask you the same thing," said Whit, frowning at the girl.
The girl flipped her hair over her shoulder. "I'm looking for poisonous apples."
Well, that was...straightforward.
"Whatever for?" said Alice. She gave up on being so far away from the conversation and marched across the bridge. Whit gave her a resigned look, and she shrugged. They were all going across the bridge together again anyway.
"Um, to poison someone," said the girl. "What else? I literally had to crawl through an oven to get here. I guess the apples are probably going to be growing in that forest." She looked at them standing in front of the bridge and made a shooing motion with a bandaged hand. "Get out of my way."
"You can't get across the bridge without the beast's permission," Whit said coolly, "and it probably won't give you that without my asking for it. Unless you know how to speak Otherworldly; in which case, go ahead."
So he'd been speaking Otherworldly. That seemed obvious now, but Alice looked at him in wonder. He could speak the language of the Otherworld, of demons and beasts. And he could open portals, but apparently wasn't a witch. What was he?
The girl sniffed haughtily. "Fine. Take me across, then."
"Wait a minute," Vanessa said, regarding this new girl suspiciously. "Why should you get across? You're planning to poison someone? As in, murder them?"
"That's what I said, didn't I?"
Vanessa looked at Whit with wide eyes. "You're not going to actually let her get across and get poisonous apples, are you? Do those even exist?"
Whit was still looking at the girl. "Yes, poisonous apples do exist. I've seen multiple people come by to get them. It usually doesn't end well. I'll just send you back now, save your time."
The girl frowned. "What are you talking about?"
"Where are you from?" Whit continued as if she hadn't spoken. "Eyves? Eilyste?"
The girl narrowed her eyes. "Eilyste. Milen. Why—?"
Whit snapped his fingers, and a portal opened beside her. She jumped away from it, startled. "There you go," he said. "Might as well just go back now. I'll not be taking you across the bridge."
The girl stared at him. Vanessa was looking at him with wide eyes, too. The girl scoffed. "Uh, no way." She showed them the back of her unbandaged hand, where there were two red stamps next to each other. "I already owe people way too much stuff to go back now. I have to kill Snow."
"You can't kill snow," said Alice, confused. Did the girl think there was a way to kill the weather?
The girl rolled her eyes. "Snow White. The name of the girl I want to kill. Yeah, it's a stupid name." She waved her arms at the portal. "Get this thing away from me, I'm not going back."
For a moment Alice thought that Whit might just push the girl through the portal, but he just shrugged. "Well, there's nothing I can do." He turned back to Vanessa and Alice. "Come on."
He started across the bridge. Vanessa shot Alice a wide-eyed look, and Alice just shrugged. They followed.
"Hey!" the girl said, going after them. "You were probably lying anyway, I don't see any 'beast' on this bridge."
"I didn't see it at first, either," said Alice.
"What are you even doing here?" said the girl. "You look like, what, five?"
Alice bristled. "I'm eleven!"
"Like that's any better."
"Just leave her alone," Vanessa hissed to Alice. "She's not coming with us anyway."
"As if I would even want to go with you guys," said the girl. "I just happen to be going the same way."
"But Whit said it's dangerous in the forest," said Alice. "So you should probably stay with us if you want to be safe."
"Safe from what?"
Alice glanced at Whit's back, but he didn't respond, though she knew he was listening.
Vanessa mumbled something in Phirish.
"What was that?" said the girl.
Vanessa turned red but didn't answer.
"Seriously though, I thought Ailthe didn't have people anymore. What are you guys doing?"
Vanessa sighed. "Can you just be quiet—"
They nearly crashed into Whit's back. Alice peeked around him and saw that there was the beast, just as she remembered it. She ducked behind Whit's back again.
"This is the—"
Whit glanced over his shoulder and silenced the girl with a glare. It was the first time Alice had seen such a fierce expression on his face, and it would have silenced her, too.
The beast on the bridge chuckled and said something. Vanessa shivered beside Alice, hugging herself. Alice felt the same way.
Whit responded, then looked over at Vanessa. "Say your name."
"Vanessa," she said carefully, "Viray."
The beast started to say something else when, without warning, the beautiful girl darted around from behind then and made a run for the forest.
"Hey!" Vanessa exclaimed as the girl knocked into her.
Whit gave a weary sigh.
The beast's beady eyes slid away from them and, in one quick motion, one of its claws shot out and wrapped around the girl's thin waist, dragging her off the ground. Before any of them could do anything, the beast opened its mouth and swallowed up the screaming girl.


Part 11

RAPUNZEL
It was wet and slippery inside the beast's mouth. Rapunzel screamed as darkness encapsulated her, rows and rows of thin, jagged teeth closing in. It smelled disgusting, so much that she wanted to throw up.
She had to stop screaming. She didn't even want to breathe in the putrid stench of the beast's insides, but it was impossible to escape the saliva. It was thick, disgustingly blackish, and it dripped down onto Rapunzel's head as she grabbed at the beast's teeth to keep herself from falling down into the slippery abyss of its throat.
There were muffled shouts from outside. Those stupid strangers. They were the reason she was even here in the first place.
The beast's teeth gnashed together, and with a yelp, Rapunzel let go. Realizing her mistake only too late, she tried to grab something, but there was only the squishy flesh of the beast's throat as she slid.
Rapunzel screamed again. A wet glob of saliva hit her face and she had to stop.
It was Snow White's fault. If she weren't so beautiful and hadn't stolen the prince's heart, Rapunzel wouldn't even have to be here! She wouldn't have to be in Ailthe with a bunch of strangers who had let her get eaten up by some stupid beast!
If it weren't for Ruben and Oskar and Nicolai and Cecilia, she would be at home, resting peacefully, watching the prince from her window. But no. Of course not!
She landed on something soft and squishy. Saliva followed her, and she ducked out of the way with a shriek. She wanted so bad to wipe her face, but her hands were covered in that same sticky goop.
There was a hiss and bubble around her, but she couldn't see out of the hair in front of her face and the saliva that dripped from her eyelashes. It was dark, anyway, but she knew where she was—in the beast's stomach.
With a whimper, Rapunzel scrambled away from the acid in the pit of the beast's stomach. She was going to die here. She was going to die.
The beast was moving. Jumping up and down, it seemed like. Rapunzel was getting jostled all over the place, and she forced herself not to throw up as she gripped the side of the beast's soft stomach, digging her nails in to keep herself from getting flung into the sizzling pit of stomach acid.
The strangers were still shouting outside. Were they seriously just going to let Rapunzel die in there?
"Are you alive in there!?" cried one of the girls—the younger one, who was definitely not eleven years old.
Rapunzel just screamed in response. A bit of the beast's saliva dripped into her mouth, and she spat it out, horrified. She retched as she tried to get the disgusting, salty taste out of her mouth.
There were screams. As if they had anything to scream about—they weren't the ones stuck in this beast's stomach!
It was getting hard to breathe. Not that Rapunzel wanted to breathe; it smelled so nasty that she would rather suffocate. But still, she was going to die. And her prince wouldn't even know her name!
She heard the beast make weird, guttural noises that shook her even more, its stomach pulsing in a way that made Rapunzel sick.
More screams. Rapunzel wanted to scream, too, but she was too afraid of getting anything else in her mouth. What if the beast's saliva was actually poison?
Something splashed beside Rapunzel, and she let out an involuntary shriek, moving away from the sound.
"Oh, Fates!" shouted one of the girls. Vanessa. Her voice wasn't muffled, as if...
"What are you doing here?" Rapunzel screamed.
"What do you think?" Vanessa said. Rapunzel tried to search for her in the darkness, but there was nothing.
"You guys didn't even try to save me out there!"
"What do you think I'm doing?" Vanessa snapped. To herself, she muttered, "Ugh. This stuff is nasty." There were weird rummaging sounds.
"What are you doing?"
"Looking to see if I have a—huh?"
Rapunzel waited impatiently.
"Guess I had a knife in here the whole time," said Vanessa, sounding confused. Then, "Oh. Oh, Fates, ugh. Do I have to?"
"What?" Rapunzel said, finally having had enough.
"Look, I've got a knife," said Vanessa. "I'm going to try to cut a way out."
"Cut a way out? You mean—"
"Yes," she snapped. "You can stay there or whatever."
Rapunzel heard a strange, squelching noise. Vanessa made a gagging sound, which made Rapunzel want to gag. The beast made a rumbling noise, and Rapunzel stumbled back, her feet nearly slipping into the acid.
"Can you hurry up!" she exclaimed.
"I'm trying!" said Vanessa. "You think I like being here any more than you? It smells disgusting."
"I've been in here longer than you!"
"Well, I wasn't the one who tried to run past a scary-looking monster when I was told we couldn't get past—!"
Another squelching sound, and then a spray of liquid hit Rapunzel. She shrieked. "What is that?"
Vanessa was spluttering. "Blood, probably. This is so thick—Do you think you can come over here and help me dig it out?"
"Dig? You want me to dig through this beast's flesh? Ugh, no way!"
"We'll get out faster!"
The beast twisted, making a screaming sound, and Rapunzel fell into the hot acid. She shrieked and flailed, hearing bubbling and sizzling sounds all around—
Vanessa grabbed her hand and yanked her out. Rapunzel was flung against the side of the beast's stomach again as a spray of acid followed.
"I'm burning!" she screamed. She wasn't really, but it felt like it. Her skin was hot and wet and honestly, she would rather watch the prince tell Snow he loved her a million times than feel like this.
"Help me get out!" Vanessa said, desperation cracking her voice. Squishy noises echoed next to Rapunzel's ear.
"Give me the knife!" Rapunzel snapped, reaching blindly for it. Vanessa managed to hand off the knife to Rapunzel. Its hilt was wet and slippery, but she grabbed it and began stabbing, finding the jagged cut Vanessa had already made.
She shoved the knife deeper in, feeling skin and muscle give way. Beside her, Vanessa was clawing at the wound, widening it. The beast was screaming and jostling them around, but Rapunzel was determined not to die in here. She had to kill Snow!
Rapunzel gagged at the smell and the sounds. The knife hit something hard, and, frowning, she stabbed at it. It was still hard—the beast's outer shell, she realized. She stabbed harder.
"Let me!" Vanessa grabbed back the knife and started to stab at the same place. "Ugh!" she screamed when Rapunzel had her turn again, to no avail. "This is—"
The shell cracked suddenly, splintering as the girls gasped, jumping back. A sliver of light entered the beast's stomach. Small hands began to claw at the tiny opening.
Scrambling forward, they widened the opening. The beast was still twisting, and the small pair of hands disappeared as Rapunzel and Vanessa were nearly thrown back again. Vanessa got back to the opening first, shoving through the flaps of flesh and meat they'd cut through to get to the shell, cracking it.
It was finally wide enough, and Rapunzel could see the outside now, spinning around as the beast continued to squirm. She saw the boy and the younger girl darting around, doing whatever.
"Come on!" Vanessa grabbed at Rapunzel's sleeve and yanked her out. They tumbled through the opening onto the hard ground of the bridge.
The boy and the other girl were jumping out of the way of the beast's swinging claw. Vanessa shoved Rapunzel to the size, ducking as it came towards them.
"Hey—"
"Get out of the way!" Vanessa screamed, tackling her again.
The boy shouted something in that hideous language. The beast screamed back.
"Your name!" the boy was shouting. It took Rapunzel a moment to realize he was yelling it at her. "Say your name!"
"Rapunzel!" Rapunzel screamed, shoving out from underneath Vanessa. "It's Rapunzel!"
The beast snarled, then spat a glob of dark saliva towards them. They ducked out of the way.
The boy ran over to them and pulled Vanessa and Rapunzel to their feet. "Come on."
Rapunzel glanced over her shoulder as she was herded to the forest. The beast was gone, but on the bridge, she could see remnants of blood and saliva.
Once they were in the forest, they all collapsed.
"That was all your fault!" Rapunzel snapped at the boy. "Would have been easier if you had just let me go in the first place!"
He glared at her. "I'm not the one who decided to run past a beast, one I specifically told you would not let you pass."
She made a disgusted sound, brushing her matted hair out of the way. She looked down at herself. She was dripping with the beast's blood and saliva. "Ugh, this is disgusting. Why did I have to be the one that got swallowed?"
"Because you're the one who was stupid!" said Vanessa. "And it's not like you're the only one who was in there." She'd taken off her bright red cloak and was wringing it with a grimace. "You're welcome, by the way."
The other girl, who'd been silent up until now, turned around and threw up.
"Ew," Rapunzel said, wrinkling her nose.
The girl laughed weakly. She went to wipe her mouth, then realized that she was also covered in the beast's blood and spit, and didn't. "Sorry."
Vanessa held up the knife they'd used to get out. "I didn't even know I had this," she said, wiping it on a leaf. She looked at the other girl. "Thanks for cracking the outside for us."
The girl just nodded, letting the last bits of vomit drop onto the ground. "It wasn't that hard. I just bashed it with a rock."
The boy had peeled off his gloves, shaking beast fluids from them. He frowned at the gloves, then shoved them into his pocket, patting the girl on the shoulder. "I'm sure you're regretting coming now."
The girl laughed again, though not any more convincingly. "I'm fine."
He turned to Rapunzel. "So, Rapunzel."
"What?" she said with a glare. She wrinkled her nose again. It smelled absolutely dreadful, and the little girl hadn't made things better by throwing up. This was so nasty. Hopefully, there was water somewhere to wash in.
"I'm assuming you aren't going to be convinced to be taken back?"
She scoffed. "After this?" She gestured at herself. "Yeah, right."
Vanessa frowned. "You still want to murder someone?"
"Why are you so on that?" Rapunzel snapped. "What if Snow White is a murderer too, and that's why I want to kill her?"
"Is that why?"
"No, but—"
"Well, there."
Rapunzel glared. "Well, I'm going to get my poisonous apples." She started to march off into the forest, stepping over the little girl.
"Wait," said the boy. "You can come with us."
"She can?" said Vanessa.
He glanced at her, then nodded. "If you think that beast was bad, well, you don't want to be out in the forest alone at night. I know places we can sleep in. And I know where you can find the poisonous apples."
"You're going to take her to them?" Vanessa said, looking horrified.
"Well, she's not going back, and I don't want anyone getting hurt in the meantime."
"Already failed at that," Rapunzel scoffed.
He frowned at her. "I'm trying to help."
"Well, try harder. I'm going." She continued walking, deliberately shoving Vanessa as she went. Vanessa glared at her.
"Seriously," the boy sighed. "I know where a river is. We can wash up there."
Rapunzel paused. She really didn't want to continue walking all wet and sticky from the beast's blood and saliva. She narrowed her eyes. "Fine."
The boy nodded. "All right, then. I'm Whit."
"Alice," said the girl, still on the ground.
"And it's Vanessa," Vanessa gave Rapunzel a wary look.
"Yeah, I know," Rapunzel said. She looked at Whit. "Okay, then. Where's this river?"


Part 12

AUSTIN
The university was emptier than usual. The front lawn, usually bustling with people at this hour, was now lonely, the summer having stolen most of the students. Austin's heels clicked as he walked up the white marble steps that always reminded him of home. Home...he'd be going home soon.
Ambrose was waiting outside the dormitory room, leaning against the wall with one boot-clad foot propped up against it, a stack of letters in hand. He was reading one and glanced up as Austin approached. He smiled and waved the letter. "Thought you'd be coming around."
"I thought you were in Keres to visit your siblings," said Austin.
"And I just got back," Ambrose said, which meant he'd probably been standing outside Austin's room for hours. Austin had been out all day in the library. He'd only meant to stop by and drop off his books, but had ended up lost somewhere in the aisles of his favorite texts.
"You could've gone in," Austin said, pushing the door to the building open. He slipped inside, Ambrose peeling himself off the wall to follow.
Ambrose was one of Queen Amoret of North Auvyn's sons, the youngest of all those legitimate or otherwise acknowledged, barely into his immortal life. The last but not the least, though indeed the least in the eyes of the court. Which meant Ambrose was free to employ an education outside of courtly duties. And which Austin was grateful for, because he'd been terrified that he'd be all alone in North Auvyn.
"Got the mail for you," Ambrose said, tossing the stack of letters onto Austin's desk but keeping the one he'd been reading.
"What's that?" Austin nodded to the letter as he shuffled through the stack. He was teased, often, for his popularity with written correspondence, but then again, most of the other students didn't live land and sea away from their families. His gaze caught on one of the envelopes. The handwriting on the front was more scribbly than he'd remembered it, but he still recognized it so keenly it almost hurt.
"It's a dinner invitation," said Ambrose, settling on the edge of the bed. "From one of—" He paused as Austin snatched up the envelope and fumbled for his letter opener. "Something you've been waiting for?"
"Well, no," said Austin. "But it's from my sister. I haven't heard from her in ages." As he slid the letter out of the envelope, he walked around his desk to sit in the worn leather chair that had sat in this little office for nearly a hundred years.
"About your upcoming visit, then?" Ambrose went to sit at the edge of the desk, gently pushing the stack of other mail to the side.
"Probably." Austin scanned the letter.
Dear Austin, wrote Lory, her usually loose and light handwriting now stiff and scribbly. She must have been pressing hard with the pen—there were several ink blots on the paper.
The rest of the letter was very short:
I hope you're doing well. Alice is missing. Isabelle or Father will likely notify you with more information soon.
Then, at the very bottom:
Love, Lory.
Austin stared at the letter.
"Not good?" Ambrose placed the letter in his hand face down on the table. He hesitated. "Has someone passed?"
Austin shook his head, frowning. "No. No...I don't think so." He passed the letter to Ambrose, who read it and gave it back with his own puzzled expression.
"'Missing?'" he said. "Your sister is missing? What does that mean?"
"I think it means she's not there." Austin rummaged through the other stack of mail Ambrose had brought in, but there was nothing from Isabelle or his father or anyone else from Cerieve at all.
"Not there? As in...she was kidnapped?"
"Who knows?" Austin flung open his desk and grabbed his stationary, scrawling a quick letter back to Lory.
Dear Lory,
What do you mean? Since when? What happened? Do I need to go back home now? Please give me more information.
Love, Austin.
He slipped it into an envelope and scribbled his home address on it. Ambrose, already ahead of him, handed him a stamp, which he slapped onto the corner of the envelope before hurrying out of the dormitory to the post boxes, Ambrose right on his heels. Austin found his proper post box and slid his letter down into the empty abyss of the box, knowing it would get sent straight to the post office before it went through back to Lory.
"Want me to slip off to Cerieve?" Ambrose said as they went back to his room, Austin running his hands through his hair. "I've got time."
Austin glanced at him. "Didn't you say you had a dinner invite? What's it for, anyway?"
"It's later. I don't think there's any special occasion, just a meet-up with one of my..." He waved a pale hand dismissively. "You know."
Austin frowned. "Right," he said, even though he didn't know. Ambrose could be talking about any one of his myriad acquaintances that Austin probably hadn't ever even heard of. "It's fine. Lory said I'd probably get filled in later." He checked his watch. "In a few hours, I have to meet with the management committee about that banquet for the ten-year commemoration of the Revolution..."
"Yes, but I haven't got anything to do," said Ambrose.
Austin looked at him.
"I mean, I do," he amended. "But I don't have to do them now."
Austin shrugged. "If you want to? But since Lory, not my father, sent the letter, I might not be supposed to know about it. Anyway, it's going to look odd if you just show up to Cerieve out of the blue, isn't it?"
"What do you mean?" Ambrose said, stopping to lean against the doorway of Austin's office. "Can't I just be visiting?"
Austin absently shuffled through the letters on his desk again, trying not to think about the fact that Alice was missing and she was only eleven and she was a little girl and that meant she could have been kidnapped or worse and—
"Austin." He turned to look at Ambrose, staring at him with sea-green eyes. "I'll go. I really haven't got anything to do and you clearly are stressed, so I'll just check in real quick with your family."
Austin let out a shaky breath. There was this awful, awful feeling in his chest as if someone had sucked all the air out. This was like when the Erringtons had gone missing, but worse—and he wasn't even entirely sure that Alice was truly missing yet, though Lory had never been one to jump to conclusions. She was older, now. She knew better. "Maybe Alice is just that good at hide-and-seek."
"Don't worry too much," said Ambrose, even though that was impossible. "I know it's hard. But you know that everyone's going to be on top of finding your sister."
"I know," Austin said. He ran his hands through his hair again. "All right. All right—I have a meeting to prepare for."
"You do," Ambrose said. "I'll catch you up later. Good luck." He gave Austin a little smile and left the room.
Austin sighed to himself. That dreadful feeling made him want to almost double over, or curl up. But he had things to do. He sorted out the mail on his desk, checking his watch again. He'd have to leave soon to catch a carriage to the hall.
He realized that Ambrose had left his dinner invite on the desk. Austin picked up to put it aside, and his eyes caught on the dark, messy writing inked onto the card. It was odd—written in a script he didn't recognize. He folded the card and placed it aside to return to Ambrose later.
He checked his watch a final time. Time to go. Austin exhaled, straightening the front of his waistcoat and his tie. Alice was gone, but right now, he had work to do.


Part 13

VANESSA
Vanessa scuffed her boots against the ground, kicking up dirt and dust. This place was so weird. Even though they were surrounded by nature, it all seemed so lifeless.
The forest all looked the same. There was nothing but dead grass, dead leaves, dead trees. It was all grayish, not the bright greens that Vanessa had expected of forests. There were no forests in Phire; at least, not where Vanessa lived, in the city.
It was eerily quiet, too. The only sound was their footsteps and the occasional crunching of sticks and leaves. But she couldn't hear any running water, despite Whit's claims that he was leading them towards a river. There didn't seem to be any birds or bugs, or any animals at all.
And it smelled, though that was probably because they were all still covered in beast-grime. And Alice had thrown up, though Vanessa didn't blame her, since she'd been close to doing so herself.
Vanessa shivered still, thinking of how the beast's mouth had closed in around her, the awful stench filling her nose and mouth, the thick goop encasing her. She'd almost thought that she would die there. That had to be one of the worst ways to die—getting eaten by a monster while surrounded by strangers in a ruined kingdom.
It was still hard to believe that she was in Ailthe, of all places. Her grandmother's closet had to be a portal of some kind, but how? And why would it lead her to Ailthe?
She'd checked the map as they walked, Alice occasionally commenting on the trees and Rapunzel constantly whining about the smell. They were going a little further west than the map showed, but Vanessa needed a bath. They all were in desperate need of one.
Vanessa glanced up at Rapunzel, who was walking ahead of the group—like she knew where she was going. There was no path, and Whit had to keep telling her where to go. Vanessa hadn't liked the girl the moment she'd seen her. She was gorgeous, and she knew it. Oh, she knew it. Not to mention that stupid stunt she'd tried to pull off—What kind of moron did you have to be to do such a thing? And Rapunzel wasn't just a moron. She was a moron planning a murder.
Thinking of it left a bad taste in Vanessa's mouth, and not from the beast's saliva and blood. She glanced warily at Whit. She didn't trust him as much as she trusted Rapunzel. He'd opened a portal with a snap of his fingers. And somehow he knew all about Ailthe—he lived in Ailthe, despite its ruined status.
The only one Vanessa could trust a little was Alice. Mostly because Alice was so young and earnest. She seemed genuine. And she'd helped them out of the beast's stomach, which Vanessa would be eternally grateful for. She wondered, though, what Alice was doing with such a strange boy like Whit. She'd thought, maybe, that they were siblings, but despite the pale skin, their hairs were wildly different shades of blond, and their eyes were on opposite ends of the spectrum, Whit's darker than night and Alice's so pale they were hardly blue.
"What color do you think poisonous apples are?" Alice mused. She was walking alongside Whit, a little ahead of Vanessa. Vanessa didn't like going after the others. She kept feeling like there was something behind her. It made her twitch.
"Um, what color are apples usually?" said Rapunzel dryly.
"Well, they're red," Alice said, apparently not catching Rapunzel's tone. Even though she'd been the only one of them to actually throw up, she seemed to be doing the best, practically skipping through the forest. But then again, she hadn't gotten swallowed by the beast. "And sometimes green. Or yellow. But what if there were blue apples? Or pink ones? Oh, I'm sure those would taste delicious—unless they were poisonous, of course."
"That's dumb," Rapunzel said. "Whoever heard of blue and pink apples?"
"But pink is just a shade of red," said Alice.
"You're weird," Rapunzel muttered, shooting Alice an odd look.
"Oh," said Alice.
They continued on in silence. Soon enough, the scenery began to change. The trees started to thin, the canopy above them began to clear. And, if she strained, Vanessa could hear running water.
Eventually, they made it to the bank of a large river. It was nearly dark now, the sky streaked with pink and orange as the sun started to sink beneath the horizon.
"Finally," Rapunzel muttered.
They knelt at the edge of the river, washing their hands.
"Ew, I'm getting all your disgusting water," Rapunzel said. She was sitting at the end of the line, and the water was flowing in her direction. She nudged Alice beside her. "Move."
Alice blinked up at her. "What?"
"I said move."
"Why?" Alice took off her shoes and socks and dipped her feet into the water.
"Ew!" Rapunzel said.
"Just move over here," said Vanessa, at the front of the line.
"I'm not going to move—"
"Then stop asking other people to." Vanessa sighed.
"We should take turns," cut in Whit. "So that we can all bathe thoroughly. Who wants to start? Vanessa? Alice, Rapunzel, I'll show you where we'll be staying."
"Wait, why don't I get to go first?" Rapunzel demanded. Alice hopped up, grabbing her shoes by the leather straps.
"Because I don't want you to run off on your own when you're done. You'll go last. Come on."
Rapunzel gaped at him.
"Hurry up," said Whit, "otherwise you might not get to go at all. Besides, you're the one who made us get into this mess anyway." He went over to her and pulled her up. "Vanessa, when you're done, just walk down this way. There's a waterfall, you'll see it." With that, Whit walked off, dragging Rapunzel, Alice bounding along.
Vanessa watched them go. Once she was sure she was alone, she took off her satchel and laid it on the bank beside her. It was covered in the beast's saliva, too, but at least the stuff inside hadn't gotten wet or worse. And the scones still looked fine. She hadn't realized she was hungry until she caught sight of them.
But first, she had to take a bath.
She shivered when she slipped into the water. It was deeper than she'd thought, and colder. But it was better than being covered in all that beast goop. The gentle flowing of the river felt like the water was softly stroking her skin, and she relaxed into the cool water.
Remembering that it was getting dark and the others still had to wash, Vanessa got out of the river, shivering now that she was out of the water. She took her things out of her satchel before washing it, along with her clothes, in the river. Her cloak had gotten the most of the goop.
After washing her clothes, she wrung them as dry as she possibly could. It was a good thing it was summer, but it was still uncomfortable putting her shirt and pants back on. At least they were loose, not matted to her skin.
The waterfall wasn't very far away, just about a minute's walk from where she'd been. It was a thin one, not very loud, the water gently rolling off the cliffs.
There was a hollow cavern behind the waterfall, and Alice peeked out from behind the steady stream of water. "Are you done?"
"Yeah," Vanessa called. "Your turn?"
Alice nodded, hopping across the rocks over to Vanessa. "Be careful. It's kind of damp in the cave, but dry enough to stay in."
"Okay. You be careful, too." Alice went off to wash, and Vanessa carefully crept along the rocks around the waterfall, making her way to the cave.
Mist sprayed on her face as she neared the falls, but she ignored it as she leapt across the rocks into the cavern. It was larger than it looked, maybe the size of Vanessa's house—probably even larger, as the shadows crept in and made it feel smaller.
Whit was clearing out the ground, kicking aside rocks and small pebbles. Rapunzel stood to the side, arms crossed and glaring. She turned her dark look on Vanessa.
"This is where we're staying for the night?" said Vanessa.
Whit glanced up at her. "Yeah. The ground's a bit rough, but it's all right to sleep on."
She put her things down in a small pile on the ground. "Can we start a fire or something? I don't really want to sleep in wet clothes."
"I've got matches," he said. "It might be hard to find some dry sticks, though."
"I have paper," Vanessa said, remembering her sketchbook. She was more than willing to sacrifice some blank pages.
Whit nodded. "We can use that as tinder. I'll go look for some kindling."
He left to do so, and Vanessa was left in the cave with Rapunzel. She tried to ignore the other girl's perpetual glare as she pulled out her sketchbook, ripping out a few pages from the back. Whit returned with a small handful of sticks and stones.
They were in the middle of setting up the fire, clearing out a small hole and lining it with rocks, when Alice returned, dripping wet and smiling like she wasn't. "Ooh!" she said. "A fire?"
Whit glanced over at Rapunzel, watching them from a distance. "You can go," he said.
She huffed, muttered, "Finally," and left.
"I thought you wanted her to go last," said Vanessa.
Whit put the sticks into the little pit. "If she wants to get dry she'll have to come back anyway." He took Vanessa's paper and crumpled it up on top of the sticks, then reached into his pocket and pulled out a small box of matches. He struck one against the side and they watched as the fire ignited in the pit.
They huddled up around the fire. It wasn't exactly cold out, but Vanessa was glad for the warmth. Alice stretched out, cheeks pink and hair as golden as the flames.
"So," Whit said casually, looking over at Vanessa. "You're looking for your grandmother? Any idea what she'd be doing out here?"
Vanessa frowned, shaking her head and flinging little droplets of water everywhere. "Sorry. No. I just saw her last night, so it's strange that she'd disappear so suddenly." She took out the map again, staring at it. "I don't know why she wouldn't just tell me if she wanted me to find her." She glanced at Whit. "You live here, right? Have you ever seen her?"
He just blinked at her.
"She's pretty tall for an old woman," Vanessa went on. "Well, she's not that old—she's in her sixties. Her hair's short and mostly gray, and..." And Vanessa realized she was describing about half of all grandmothers out there.
Whit shrugged helplessly. There wasn't anything more to say, and they sat in silence until Rapunzel finally returned and Whit left.
"Ugh, I can't believe I have to stay here with you guys," Rapunzel muttered, crowding around the fire. "I could be at home in my nice, comfy bed, but no."
"Why do you even want to poison that girl?" said Vanessa. "What did she ever do to you?"
"She stole the heart of the love of my life."
They stared.
"That's it?" Vanessa said. "You're just...jealous?"
Rapunzel flipped a wet strand of hair over her shoulder. "It's not jealousy. Why would I be jealous of her? She's literally a peasant and has to wear this disgusting brown dress. It's just that she has to be annoyingly pretty, and my prince said that he loves her, so I need to kill her."
"I don't think your 'prince' would appreciate that."
"That's why his memory is going to be wiped," Rapunzel said. She rolled her eyes. "Ugh, I had to hire these witches to do it for me. I'm so in debt." She flashed the marks on the back of her unbandaged hand, which miraculously hadn't come off in the water.
"Oh," said Alice. "Don't you need to rebandage that?" She pointed at Rapunzel's other hand.
Rapunzel frowned, then began unwrapping the bandage. "This was because of Snow White too. She made me so mad I accidentally stabbed myself."
Vanessa and Alice shared a worried look as Rapunzel undid the bandage, revealing a small, crescent-shaped wound in the middle of her palm. She sighed. "It's so ugly. But at least it reminds me of how much I hate Snow." Vanessa caught a flash of something pink on Rapunzel's skin, by her elbow. A birthmark?
Rapunzel dried her bandage over the fire, and they waited until Whit returned. By then, Vanessa was already dry, and Alice was, too. Vanessa didn't feel like sleeping, though. At least the noise of the waterfall masked any other sounds that might have come alive during the night.
"Why do you live here?" Alice said, looking over at Whit. Vanessa remembered that they weren't related at all; they had no relation other than the fact that Alice had decided to follow him through a portal. Which Vanessa was also particularly curious about.
Whit shrugged as if it wasn't a big deal. "I've always lived here."
"Oh," Alice said. "So you lived in Ailthe before the Revolution too?"
He nodded. "My mother taught at the university. So Nien's been my whole life."
"Does she live here too?"
Whit's face betrayed no emotion. He said, as casually as if he were discussing the weather, "No. She died during the Revolution."
"Oh," Alice said again. "I'm sorry."
He shrugged. "It's not like you had anything to do with it. And it was ten years ago. I hardly remember her."
Rapunzel snorted. "At least you know you had one."
Vanessa frowned at her. "Huh?"
Rapunzel shrugged nonchalantly. "I don't remember anything past six years ago. I woke up in the Milenian Woods one day and got taken in by my mother."
"That's sad," said Alice.
"Who cares?" said Rapunzel. There was an awkward silence.
"I used to live in Nien, too," Vanessa said, to fill the space. They all looked at her, and she shifted uncomfortably. "I'm from Ailthe—I mean, I don't actually have any Ailthean blood, but my family used to live here. Me, too, but when I was really little. We had to move because of the Revolution." She turned to Alice. "So where are you from?"
"Cerieve," Alice said. Vanessa should have guessed—Alice had that soft, breathy accent, typical of Cerievens. She didn't hear it much in Phire, though she could recognize it. "I think some of my ancestors were from North Auvyn. That's where my brother lives."
North Auvyn. Vanessa knew that a bunch of other people lived there, but when she heard the name she immediately thought of faeries—those beautiful, immortal creatures she'd heard so much about.
"Literally who cares," Rapunzel sighed. "Ugh, I should have brought food. I would have if I'd known I would have to spend the night here." Under her breath, she cursed people named Ruben, Oskar, Cecilia, and Nicolai.
"Oh!" Vanessa said, remembering. She went over to her satchel and pulled out her little ceramic container of scones. There were only three, so she gave everyone a half and saved the last one for later.
"Have you been hiding this the whole time?" Rapunzel snapped, glaring at her piece.
"Not hiding it," Vanessa said. She warmed up her piece by the fire and ate it. She felt a pang of longing for home. She'd barely been gone half a day and she was already feeling like this. Maybe this had been a bad idea. She wondered what her parents were thinking. She wondered what Kai and Hans were thinking—they must have been panicking, considering she'd vanished on them just like that.
"That was good," Alice said. Whit nodded.
Vanessa smiled a little. "My mom's secret recipe."
Rapunzel didn't say anything, but she didn't groan or gripe about it, either.
"All right," Whit said softly. "You all should sleep now. We'll wake early, and maybe we'll make it to my house by the evening. And yes, Rapunzel, you'll get your poisonous apples by tomorrow."
Rapunzel huffed. "So long," she muttered. "Seriously, why can't I just go now?"
"Can you see in the dark?" he said. "As I said, other beasts are wandering the forests. They don't hunt if they don't know you're there, but if they so much as hear a whisper, they'll be taking chase. You've already been eaten once. You probably don't want to do it again, do you?"
"That was just one time!" Rapunzel snapped. "The others probably won't want to eat me because I'm too pretty anyway."
"Um, what?" said Vanessa.
"Sorry, do you have trouble hearing?" she said. "Do I need to say it again?"
Vanessa flushed red. "Yes, actually; you should say it again and think about what you're saying when you do."
"Of course," Rapunzel said, with a twisted smile. "They're not going to eat me because I'm too pretty," she said, slowly, firmly. "One more time?"
"You're not going out there, anyway," said Whit. "Don't you need beauty sleep or something?"
"Well, yeah," said Rapunzel. "But I am beautiful."
"Who cares?" Vanessa sighed.
"I'm going to sleep now," Alice said. "You can all continue bickering tomorrow morning, once we've all got some rest."
Rapunzel grimaced. "I'm not sleeping on the floor, ew."
Vanessa let out a grievous sigh. "Where else? Want to go sleep in the river?"
"I'm tired," Alice said loudly, "and I'm going to sleep. Good night." She crawled a little away from the fire, laid down, and curled up on the ground.
"It's fine, I can use you as a pillow," Rapunzel said, going over and laying her head down on Alice's tiny body.
"Hey!" Alice said, rolling out of the way.
"What?" said Rapunzel. "You should be honored that I'm resting my head on you. Not that I like it, anyway, since you're so bony. It's so uncomfortable. Maybe I should use you as my pillow," she said, turning to Vanessa, who was laying her cloak out on the ground. "You look softer than her."
"Ugh." Vanessa was too annoyed to feel insulted. She wadded up her cloak and grabbed her satchel, throwing both at Rapunzel, who gasped and ducked, yet they both still managed to catch her in the chest.
"Hey!" said Rapunzel. "I can't believe you tried to kill me with that thing! And I don't want your disgusting bag; it's not even cute."
"Use that as your pillow and blanket," Vanessa said. "You're welcome."
"Yeah," Rapunzel said. "You're welcome." She put the satchel on the ground, then laid her head on it and immediately started complaining about how uncomfortable it was.
"Can you just shut up?" said Whit as Vanessa sighed, curling up onto the ground. It was slightly damp, but at least it was somewhat soft.
"What did you say?" Rapunzel snapped.
"People are trying to rest here." Whit hadn't laid down yet, still sitting up by the fire.
"So am I, but this is so uncomfortable. It's so unfair that you all get to sleep all comfy like that and I'm stuck miserable like this."
Vanessa huffed, shifting so her back was to Rapunzel and her ear was pressed against the floor of the cave, buffered by her hair. "You're not the only one," she muttered.


Part 14

ROME
How delightfully poetic it was, thought Rome to himself as he glanced up at the clock on the wall, that the lieutenant, a man known for his punctuality, should die on the day his clock stopped running. Rome had no belief in the Fates, but if they did exist, he had no doubt that they would spend their time playing these lovely little games with the world.
Rome smiled. The moonlight was perfectly angled through the window to hit the face of the clock. The room was a beautiful painting, awash in blue and black light, everything perfectly aligned. He appreciated a man who knew how to keep his office neat and orderly. Even a dead man.
Although, there was that horrendously ugly rug the lieutenant had seemed so fond of. The lieutenant's dog had been only too happy to relieve itself on it last week, and no one had seemed to notice how the room had gradually gotten more odious by the day. Not that anyone probably would ever notice—they had another smell to worry about.
Rome spun round on his heel lazily, inspecting the rest of the room. Everything just as it'd been when he entered—except for one thing, of course. Everything just as it would be when he left it.
He crossed the room to the large desk, gingerly stepping over the lieutenant, who was lying on the floor in a pool of his own vomit and blood. The man had thrown up at the mere sight of his blood—imagine his expression when he'd seen his guts spilling from his body! It had been disgustingly pitiful. And he was bleeding all over his rug. How horrified he would be if he were alive to see it.
Rome picked up a paperweight sitting on the man's desk. It looked more expensive than some of the things people wore out onto the streets and called jewelry these days. Rome turned the paperweight in his bloody hands, watching the small painting at the bottom warp with the different angles. He set it back on the table.
He continued rummaging through the desk, opening the drawers, rifling through papers. Looking for anything worthwhile. He moved on from the desk to the nearby cabinets, doing the same thorough search. He wrenched a locked cabinet open with a few blades. Nothing but more pointless files and papers. Of course.
What a boring man. Rome was tired of him already. Good thing he was dead.
Rome finally found what he was looking for and pocketed a file that he considered utterly useless, but it was apparently worth this man's life. That was all, he supposed. Oh, one more thing.
He went over to the lieutenant, crouching down beside the man's bloated face. "Wasn't anything personal," he said, patting the man on the cheek before slipping his fingers down into the lieutenant's pockets, finding his house keys and a watch. Rome pocketed them both. He started to stand, then paused. He reached down and pulled a silver ring off the man's index finger. Rome held the ring up to the moonlight, inspecting it. He slipped it into his own pocket.
And that was all there was.
How easy. How boring.
Well. At least he had dinner to come home to.
Rome peeled off his gloves as he left the lieutenant's home office, walking through the darkened halls towards the front door. The dog lazily watched him go by, tongue lolling in its mouth. Rome figured it had liked the tiny dose of sedative he'd slipped into its food. It certainly seemed in a calm mood.
He let himself out the front door, locking it. In the weeks leading up to this night, he'd almost let himself believe that he'd have fun with this, that it'd be something worth months of endless nights and countless days spent following the man, learning about him...becoming less and less intrigued with him each passing day.
Ah, well. He hadn't really let himself believe it. Of course it hadn't been fun. It hadn't been fun in years. There was just no one interesting to kill anymore. Everyone lived the most mundane lives now that magic was outlawed in practically every corner of every kingdom. At least, in every kingdom where Rome worked.
But that was why he'd arranged a special reward for himself tonight. He didn't quite get the satisfaction from killing the lieutenant he'd been looking for, but at least he would get something else.
Rome slipped into a dark alley where he wouldn't be seen—not that he would be seen, anyway. The Aensens were highly superstitious. No one would dare go out at night. Still, he ducked into the alley before opening his wings and taking to the sky.
How good it felt to fly.
Rome didn't quite understand how everyone else did it. How they all lived without wings, without this feeling of weightlessness. They would never feel how it was when everything slipped away and there was nothing but the cool rush of air against his clothes, his skin, his hair, his wings. The relief of not having to sink down into the ground.
He landed at his home in Central Auvyn both all too soon and not soon enough. The house was still empty when he stepped inside. He was home a good ten minutes earlier than he'd expected—that was how simple it had been.
Sighing, he went into the living room and crouched in front of the fireplace. The fire was lazily twirling round and round, turning a silvery-white when it noticed Rome's presence.
"Yes, hello," Rome said, ignoring the hostile hint of blue. "I'm back." He fished out the file he'd taken and fed it to the fire, which immediately turned a hungry red as it devoured the papers. Rome watched it eat. "Gluttonous thing," he muttered.
He stood and went to change and wash, dunking his head in the cold water he'd retrieved from the well that morning. Wringing water from his hair, he shrugged out of his coat and changed into a clean white shirt and dark pants, along with boots that weren't covered in dirt or blood.
When Rome went back into the living room, the fire had calmed to a golden yellow, flickering slightly. Rome took a card and pen and sat cross-legged down in front of it. Done, he scribbled onto the card. "You know who," he said, feeding the card to the fire.
A moment later he got his reply. The fire spat out the card, but this time there was a stamp on the back of it, as well as a number and a date. His payment, and the day he would receive it. "Hm," he said, inspecting the card. Then he tossed it into the fire again and watched it burn.
A knock came on his front door, soft, as if not wanting to intrude—negating the sole purpose of a knock. Rome got to his feet and went to open the door.
"Good evening," Ambrose said, smiling as he stood on the rickety wooden porch, hands clasped awkwardly in front of him. There was a bag slung over one shoulder, and behind him, his horse, Glass, stomped around in the dirt.
Rome raised an eyebrow. "Should I ask why your face is so red?"
"Is it?" Ambrose put his hands to either side of his face, possibly flushing even deeper as Rome let him into the house. "I had to rush here—I was doing a favor for a friend and lost track of time, sorry. Were you waiting long?"
Rome checked the time. "You're barely five minutes late. It's not like you have to come on time; I don't care if you're late. It's not like I was waiting." He paused. "Wait, not like that. I was waiting for you to come, just..." He sighed. "Never mind. I wasn't even sure you were coming, anyway."
"Oh, I must have forgotten to reply," said Ambrose. "Sorry again, it got a bit hectic. You waited for me anyway?" He hung up his coat and bag, reaching inside to pull out a small cardboard box. "I brought food for your fire."
Rome rolled his eyes. "Need any more excuse to spoil the thing? It just ate, but go ahead."
They went over to the fireplace, sitting down in front of it. Ambrose set the cardboard box down in front of him, and the fire peeked out of its place curiously. Rome gave it a warning look, and it spat an ember at him.
"So you've been busy?" Rome said as Ambrose opened the box, revealing scraps of paper and loads of sawdust inside. He took a handful of the scraps and dust and tossed it into the fire. "What's all this hectic thing about?"
"Oh," Ambrose said, smiling into the fire. "Remember Austin Pleasance?"
"Who?" said Rome, only vaguely recalling the name.
"A classmate. Remember? First Cerieven to attend college here since the war?"
Rome didn't know why Ambrose was asking him to "remember" when he was damn well certain he'd never met this Austin Pleasance before in his life. But there was something distantly familiar about the name; he'd probably caught it in a newspaper before or something. "All right. What about him?"
"He's got a sister," Ambrose said, feeding the fire another handful of paper and sawdust. "Well, two. One of them went missing this afternoon, and he's busy, so I popped over to Cerieve to figure out a few things."
"And how did that go?"
"Not very well," he said, wrinkling his nose. "They've got nothing. The girl's only eleven, too. Left her doll behind."
"Isn't eleven a little old to be having a doll?"
"One day we'll both be a little old to be alive, but there we'll be."
Well. Rome wasn't exactly planning to get old. He hadn't stopped physically aging yet, and already he was tired of the idea of immortality.
"Pleasance is of noble blood, isn't he?" said Rome, after a beat of silence.
Ambrose glanced at him. "Yes. Why?"
Rome didn't know why, of all things, he happened to recall that this person he barely remembered the name of was noble-born. "Well, perhaps his sister will be used as a hostage of some sort. The family certainly will have the money to pay."
"A frightening thought, but perhaps. Oh—another thing. The murders have been getting more frequent, did you hear?"
Rome had heard of the spike in murders in Auvyn, but they were generally kept quiet by the authorities. The only reason Ambrose knew was because he was royalty, and he seemed to assume that Rome was still on the vine when it came to private information kept within the courts. The only reason Rome knew was because he knew who had ordered the murders. Though he'd been keeping his kills outside Auvyn for the time being. There was more fun to be had in foreign countries, anyway.
"You should be careful," Rome said, though he was certain nothing would happen to Ambrose. His contractors knew his conditions.
"I'll be fine," said Ambrose, and for a moment, Rome thought that Ambrose knew about him and his work. But of course, Ambrose was just being an idiot. "I'm a prince; I have protection. I'm a bit worried about Austin, to be honest. It's been all politically relevant people, and Austin certainly is one."
"He's a student, not a politician."
"He's friendly with half the people at the embassy and has had multiple audiences with Amoret. She's charmed. I have to keep an eye on him around her, lest she drag him into her court as a favorite," said Ambrose. "And that banquet she wants to have, he's supposed to speak at it. She thinks he'll be able to charm his way into the hearts of those who still think we should keep our borders closed."
"Perhaps he's a politician after all," Rome said, standing. "Keep indulging the fire, I'll get our food."
Rome went into the kitchen. Before leaving to carry out his little murder, he'd set up everything on the table so he wouldn't have to worry about it later. It meant everything was cold now, but it was better than nothing.
He gathered up the food and carried it out to the living room, handing Ambrose his plate before sitting down next to him, cross-legged.
Ambrose glanced over at him. "So what have you been doing? Kind of an odd time to ask me to come over, considering you haven't said a word to me in what...months?"
Rome sighed a little. "I know. Sorry. I've been pretty busy too. With...work."
"Right." Ambrose narrowed his eyes slightly but didn't press the issue. Both because he wasn't one to press and because he knew that he wouldn't be getting an answer. Not from Rome, at least. Ambrose shook his head, and Rome glanced over at him. "Well, don't apologize. I hate it when you apologize."
Rome rolled his eyes. "Should I apologize for that? Tell me what's going on with Amoret these days."
Ambrose gave him a sidelong glance. "I don't know. The same? Oh, actually—She's been rather lonely recently."
Rome rolled his eyes again. "Anything new?"
"Well, no." Ambrose shrugged. "It's because it's summer; everyone's on vacation, no one's home. Except for Thomas and Theresa; they're back, did you hear?"
"I don't know where I would have heard it from, so no," said Rome. "Back from where again?"
"Aense. I just saw them today."
Ah. He'd just been in Aense.
"Wait, why is this relevant again?"
"Because I was wondering if you would want to come," Ambrose said. "And visit."
Rome just stared at him.
"Like I'm doing right now," he said, shifting awkwardly. "Just coming by. To keep company. And catch up."
Rome raised an eyebrow. "'Keep company. Catch up.' Pray tell what sort of catching up and company keeping I'd be doing with the Queen of North Auvyn."
Ambrose sighed, placing his plate down on the floor beside him. "You know what I mean. She's your—our—mother. "
"Also, how is she lonely? She's queen; her court is filled with people. She's got heaps of children. Don't tell me that not a single one will bother to keep her somewhat entertained. I mean, you're there, after all."
Ambrose just looked at him. After a long moment, he said, "Most of her children are off elsewhere. Like you."
"I don't count."
"Yes, you do."
"I have good reason to not want to be around her, and I'm sure our lovely siblings do as well. Maybe she should take a moment to consider why she's the only lonely one out of all of us." He paused, sighing. "Never mind. Let's move on."
"It's just...I just feel like it's been a long time since—"
"I'm sorry I asked about Amoret."
They both fell silent. The fire crackled a sympathetic purple hue.
"I'm going to make some tea," Ambrose muttered, getting to his feet. He slipped off into the kitchen, and Rome heard the clatter of the kettle.
He sighed, staring at the fire. "What," he muttered as it changed to white.
The fire flickered a few different hues, then, suddenly, spat out a card. Rome snatched it up, glancing in the direction of the kitchen, where he could still hear Ambrose milling about. Even so, he cupped his hand over the card as it turned it over to peek at the words.
Two words. Austin Pleasance. No signature.
Rome turned the card over in his hand, glancing up at the fire.
Well, well.
This was going to be interesting.
He heard Ambrose's footsteps behind him, and he tucked the card into his pocket, turning to see Ambrose. He balanced in his hands a tea tray that Rome couldn't even remember the last time he'd used. Ambrose sat back down, smiling, the awkwardness having apparently faded from his memory.
"So," Rome said, as Ambrose handed him a cup of tea. "What did you say about Thomas and Theresa?"


Part 15

ANDRINA
Andrina fought the urge to drape her hood over her head, shadowing her face. She knew she didn't look so out of place in the crowd, but it felt as if all eyes were on her. Somehow she always felt more conspicuous when she was trying to be inconspicuous.
Still, she knew she would just look more suspicious if she put on her hood. Especially in the heat of the summer, when all the ladies were carrying parasols and fanning themselves delicately.
Her client had called her to a small home in the middle of the city, and she hailed a carriage to take her to a spot a few blocks from the house. The driver looked at her a little strangely, probably wondering what someone like her was doing out in the middle of the night, probably wanting to take a peek in the heavy bag slung over her shoulder. Andrina tried to ignore the way he watched her suspiciously throughout the ride. She paid him, thanked him, and didn't let out a soft sigh of relief until she heard him riding off.
The address was near the end of the street, which seemed empty. She was grateful for it, though she knew she wasn't alone.
The house was small, old. Dilapidated, like all the other houses on the street. Wooden, cracked in some places, burnt in others.
She knocked on the door, as lightly as possible, not wanting to break it.
The door cracked open, and a small girl peeked out. She had red hair done in two braids that reached all the way down to her waist. She wore a dirty white nightgown and thick, knitted socks. Her green eyes scanned Andrina up and down.
Andrina didn't bother smiling at the girl or asking why she was still up at midnight. She wasn't in the business to smile or make small talk.
The girl held open the door. Andrina stepped inside, the contents of her bag thumping against her hip as she walked.
The door closed gently behind her. The girl led Andrina to the sitting room, which was lit by a bright lantern. A thin, bony man sat on a couch, a thin book in one frail hand, though he was staring off into the distance, not reading it. His eyes were glassy, his gray hair thinning.
The girl went over to him, and he turned his face to her as she approached. "Is Ama coming?" she asked softly.
The man gave a slow, tired shrug.
"I'm here," said a woman, entering the room. She was wiping her wet hands on her pale apron. Her hair was done up in a messy bun, and she fixed her eyes on Andrina, inspecting her with the same critical eye as the little girl.
Andrina was silent as she nodded at the woman. The woman was calm here. She'd come to Andrina not a few days before. She'd been nearly hysterical then.
The woman looked at the girl. "Jill," she said. "To your room. Now."
The girl's face betrayed no emotion. She nodded and backed out of the room.
"Mrs—" Andrina began, turning to the woman.
"Inge," she said sharply. "Just Inge." She sighed. "Thank you for coming."
Andrina nodded again. "May I set up? The room will have to be cleared out."
"Of course," Inge said. She went over to the old man, sliding the book out of his hands and speaking in hushed tones.
Andrina looked around a little uncomfortably, then sat down in the middle of the sitting room. There was no furniture save for the couch and the small table the lantern was set upon, which was good. Space was good.
Inge helped up the man and led him out of the room, leaving Andrina alone. Well, not quite alone. She took off her cloak, folding it and placing it aside. Then she pulled out the candles she'd borrowed. They were vanilla scented, and the inside of her bag smelled sweet. She laid out six of the candles in a tight ring in front of her.
Inge reentered the room and looked at her, wringing her hands. "You have done this before, correct?" She sounded nervous, understandably.
"Yes," Andrina said simply. "Could you turn out the light?"
Inge did so, drowning the room in darkness.
"Sit," Andrina instructed. She heard Inge settle herself on the other side of the ring as Andrina began to light the candles.
As the candles burst to life, the burning scent of vanilla growing stronger with each one, Andrina noticed a slight stirring in the corner of the room. She ignored it as best she could. She'd had much practice doing so.
"So," Andrina said, looking up at Inge once all the candles were lit. Inge was looking at her with a slightly fearful expression. "Who would you like to contact today?"
"My mother," Inge said, her voice shaking a little. Her eyes darted around the room anxiously. Andrina wished she wouldn't. It wasn't very welcoming. "She passed just recently."
Andrina knew this already. Inge had already told all she needed to know, not that she'd been surprised. Her specialty as a witch was spiritual contact, though she'd had to branch out a little to keep her business alive.
"And her name is?" Andrina asked, since it was always good to make the client say the name out loud. It was more appealing to certain...visitors.
"Frida."
"Describe her to me again?"
"Well," she said. "She has blond hair, though most of it has gone gray. Had...had. Her eyes were blue, and she was thin. And small. And..." Inge's eyes had started to water, her voice choking.
"All right," Andrina said. That was enough for now. She closed her eyes and instructed Inge to do the same. "Frida," she whispered, barely audible, a breath.
She opened her eyes. Inge's were still closed. Something hazy and smoke-like hovered in the air, and it wasn't coming from the candles.
There was a quiet giggle. Inge twitched, though Andrina knew she couldn't hear it. The smoke-like substance drifted around Inge, stirring her hair and her clothes. Andrina watched as the hazy form of a young girl materialized behind Inge.
Andrina felt a tight squeeze on her heart. The girl had long, dark hair and dark eyes. She giggled again, poking at Inge's skin and playing with her hair. Inge would feel nothing more than a slight prickling sensation.
"Is she here?" Inge said quietly, and the girl disappeared in a cloud of smoke.
Andrina didn't answer. "Frida," she whispered aloud, eyes roaming around the room as other figures began to materialize.
There was a slight thump on the floor beside her, and she turned to see a little boy sitting cross-legged on the floor. He wore blue denim overalls over a white shirt, and he smiled brightly up at her, playing with a warm brown curl.
Esben. He followed Andrina almost everywhere, and she'd known him for a long time. He'd told her his name was Esben before he'd lost his voice.
He pointed at himself and gave her a questioning look.
Andrina shook her head. "Frida," she said.
Esben frowned and shrugged.
Inge cracked her eyes open and glanced at Andrina. "She's not here?"
"No," said Andrina. "But she may still come," she added quickly. "Do you have anything that might be of sentimental value to her?"
Inge thought for a moment, then nodded. "Her jewelry box." She got up and left the room.
The instant she was gone, the room was suddenly crowded with spirits, appearing as hazy apparitions. Some of them were familiar, like Esben, spirits who just followed Andrina wherever she went. Others she'd never seen before.
A pair of young, slender girls danced around the ring of candles, the light catching on their partially opaque bodies. Some stood shyly in the corner, others still floating around the room in their smoke-like form.
Esben tugged in Andrina's sleeve. His ghostly hands were only somewhat corporeal, and they passed partially through the fabric. She looked at him, and he mimed throwing something.
Not right now.
He gave her a sullen look. Only newer spirits were able to communicate verbally, and they lost the ability over time. Andrina wasn't entirely sure whether it was by choice or not.
Inge reentered the room, holding a small wooden box. Most of the spirits turned back into smoke. Inge sat down at her spot and held out the box.
"Place it in the middle of the ring," Andrina said. Inge did so. "Close your eyes again." When Inge did, Andrina whispered the name once more.
She saw no new spirits appear. The candles were burning out, the wax dripping in thick pools.
"Well," Andrina said, trying to sound casual. "She may have moved on too far beyond."
Inge kept her eyes closed. "Ah," was all she said.
Andrina waited, but nothing happened. Esben flopped to his stomach on the floor beside her, staring at the candles.
Andrina closed her eyes. Most spirits didn't like to be seen, anyway. She conjured up an image of Frida—or, at least, what she thought Frida looked like. Apparently Inge, in some fit of passion, had burned all her mother's photographs.
Frida. Andrina let the unspoken whisper drift out of her, feeling the push and pull of the spirits as they reached out and withdrew...almost teasing her.
She didn't have time for this. She still had to return the candles before she went home; the strong scent would be too suspicious in case anyone ever dared to come into the house. She hoped Ruben and Rapunzel had done as she'd asked. She'd have liked to seal the door before she'd left, but those spells were easy to bypass. Hopefully Rapunzel would be asleep by the time she got home—
Something tugged at her sleeve.
Andrina opened her eyes and looked down at Esben, one of his small hands wrapped around her arm. With his other hand, he pointed across the ring. Andrina turned and saw that a new spirit had joined the ring.
The spirit stood beside Inge, mouth pressed tight in a thin line, eyes downcast. She wasn't as old as Andrina had expected, her hair floating thin and wispy around her shoulders.
Frida?
The spirit looked up with watery blue eyes, almost green. She gave a short nod, her expression unchanging.
"You may open your eyes now," Andrina whispered aloud.
Frida didn't react at all to Andrina's voice. She only turned her face away from Inge as Inge opened her eyes.
Inge looked around her, though it wasn't as if she would be able to see anything. "Is she here?"
"Yes," Andrina replied. She looked to Frida so that Inge would know where the spirit sat.
"Will she...speak to me?"
Andrina looked questioningly at Frida. The woman shook her head sadly and looked down at the candles. Another spirit who'd been skipping round the ring stopped and leaned forward, readying to extinguish one of the candles. Andrina gave her a look, and she leaned back, sulking.
Inge looked at where the other spirit was. "What is it?"
Andrina shook her head, ignoring the question. "She will not speak to you."
Inge nodded, resigned.
She sat in silence, staring down at the jewelry box. Frida slowly lifted her head to look at Inge. Andrina felt...uncomfortable. Like she didn't belong there. It was always uncomfortable, after all, intruding on what should have been a private interaction between loved ones.
"What is she doing?" Inge's voice was small.
"Watching you," Andrina said softly.
There was silence. Inge looked at where Frida sat, and Frida looked away, eyes avoiding her daughter.
Why are you here? Andrina tried to cut through the tension.
Frida glanced at her, mouth still tight. Her eyes darted to the jewelry box, then to Inge, then away again.
"Has she nothing to say?" Inge said, her voice suddenly loud. It startled a few of the spirits away, and Esben tightened his grip on Andrina's arm.
Frida had not moved.
"Has she still," Inge's voice was shaking, "nothing. Nothing to say?"
A few of the spirits who had dared stay now moved to cower in the corner, watching Inge with fear and apprehension.
"No," Andrina said, and she was surprised at how cold her own voice was. "She will not speak to you."
Inge stared at her, looking slightly shocked.
It was Andrina's job, she supposed, to make her clients happy. But she would always defend the spirits over her client. She would never want the spirits to be unhappy or angry—they had enough issues as it was, trapped in this world without a body.
Would Inge tell her to leave? Would she shoo her off without payment?
Andrina didn't care.
She looked defiantly at Inge, daring her.
Inge held her gaze for a moment, and Andrina could feel Esben's nails digging into her arm, his touch firmer, more real than it had ever been.
Inge's eyes dropped to the floor. She shut them tightly.
Andrina looked at the ring. The candles were hardly little melted stubs of wax now. They wouldn't be much use anymore, but she figured she'd still have to return them.
Esben leaned his head against her arm, his small, brown head resting against her. He turned his face up to look at Andrina with his wide brown eyes. His cheeks were pink as usual. He'd probably died sometime in the winter, maybe from the cold itself.
She reached over with one free hand and gently stroked his hair, so soft and delicate beneath her fingers. Her nails snagged on the end of his curls.
Inge made a muffled sound, and Andrina glanced up at her, dropping her hand. Inge's eyes were still tightly shut. Her shoulders began shaking.
"Are you all right—?" Andrina began.
"I'm sorry," Inge said suddenly, gasping. "I'm so sorry."
Andrina stared at her, more than a little shocked and wildly unprepared. Spiritual contact was often emotional, but that didn't make it any less uncomfortable.
"I'm sorry," Inge said again, her voice breaking. Andrina didn't know if Inge was talking to her or Frida. Inge reached out as if she could see Frida. Her hands grasped at empty air and she fell forward, her hands clutching the wooden floor. She put her forehead against her knees and began to sob.
Andrina glanced over at Frida. Is this what you wanted?
The spirit's expression still hadn't changed, but she reached out to Inge, stroking her hair with her ghostly hands. There was a motherly gentleness to it, a careful, practiced motion.
There was a soft noise, a footstep. Andrina glanced up, and there was the little redheaded girl, Jill, standing in the doorway. Her hands, at her sides, clenched her dress tightly. She was staring at Inge, eyes wide.
Esben untangled himself from Andrina's arm, and she looked at him quizzically. He stood up in front of her and motioned to Jill.
Andrina frowned. What? She glanced past him at where Inge was still doubled over, sobbing into her hands.
Esben motioned to the girl again, more forcefully this time. Andrina's gaze drifted to Jill, who was still staring at her mother. Esben gave up on trying to communicate to Andrina and went over to the girl, whose eyes moved from her mother to follow him as he approached.
...She could see him?
Esben was a little taller than Jill, and standing next to each other Andrina could see they looked about the same age. At least, the same age Esben had been when he'd died.
Esben placed a hand on Jill's arm and stepped forward. She followed, without taking her wide eyes off him. He led her over to Inge, then let her go.
Inge wiped her face and sat up as her daughter drew near, then reached out and pulled Jill into a deep embrace. Andrina looked down at the candles, which were still burning. The scent of vanilla in the room was nearly overwhelming now.
She looked back up and saw that Frida was standing back, watching Inge and Jill. Esben sank down onto his hands and knees and crawled over to the candles.
What are you doing?
He glanced up at her, smiled, then blew out the candles.
There was a soft gasp as the room descended into darkness.
Andrina snapped her fingers, a single candle reigniting. The spirits were no longer visible. She looked at Inge and Jill, small, shadowed silhouettes.
"Are you satisfied?" she said.
Inge was silent for a moment, wiping at her tears. "Is it over?"
"For now."
"I'd like another session." Her voice was still hoarse from crying.
Esben crawled over to Andrina, plopping down in front of her like a little puppy.
"Of course," Andrina said, trying not to look at him. "When?"
"Next week? Same time?"
Andrina ran through her schedule in her mind. Yes. She had time. She nodded.
She reached to put the unlit candles away. Inge stood with the help of Jill, pulling a small drawstring bag out of her pocket. It jingled with coins.
"Here," she said, holding out the bag to Andrina. "The rest of the first payment."
Andrina looked at it. She shook her head, putting the rest of the candles away and taking out her cloak. "Keep it."
Inge didn't object, nodding and pocketing the bag again. "Thank you," she said.
"Don't thank me," said Andrina, standing. Esben got up with her. "Just doing my job."
She walked herself to the front door. Glancing behind her, she saw the cloud of spirits following, Inge and her daughter watching her go. Her daughter...who could see spirits.
Andrina shook the thought of her head. It wasn't her problem. She held the door open a little longer to let the spirits follow. With them behind her, she headed out into the night.


Part 16

RAPUNZEL
Rapunzel awoke to the steady pouring of the waterfall, a sound that had haunted her throughout the night. She opened her eyes, blinking at the sudden brightness. She glared at the ceiling of the cave, then sat up.
Her back was sore, and her head hurt from Vanessa's stupid satchel, which was apparently filled with rocks. Looking around her, she saw Whit standing near the mouth of the cave, staring out into the distance as the waterfall trickled beside him. Alice was sitting cross-legged, rubbing the back of her head and making her blond hair even more of a mess, and Vanessa was still lying on the ground with her back to Rapunzel.
Rapunzel looked at the satchel on the cave floor. She picked it up, then threw it at Vanessa. It caught her on the side, and she bolted upright with a yelp.
"Hey!" Vanessa snapped, rubbing her eyes fiercely. She glared at Rapunzel. "Thanks a lot."
"That's what you get," Rapunzel said, tossing Vanessa her cloak. It was too thin to have been any real help in sleeping. Rapunzel got to her feet, stretching. Something in her back cracked, and she winced.
"You all ready?" said Whit, turning back to face them. He looked like he'd been up for hours.
Rapunzel checked her hand, remembering the small wound. It wasn't that bad; she didn't really need the bandage anymore. What she did need were the poisonous apples. And then she had to get home. And kill Snow. And get the prince.
That was it.
She'd already wasted a whole night. Ruben was probably back at home being as irritating as always. She hoped that her mother was getting mad at him. And she hoped everyone found out about Fable because everyone there was stupid and unhelpful. Even Nicolai and Cecilia, though she also hoped that they wiped the prince's memories before they got arrested.
"All right, come on," said Whit. "There's no food, sorry, but—"
"Oh, I still have more scones," said Vanessa. She'd pinned her cloak around her neck, and she frowned now as she rummaged through her satchel. "Well, only one." She ripped it up into four pieces and handed out each of them. Rapunzel grimaced at hers but ate it. It wasn't that bad, probably better than anything Andrina had ever made, but still. It was cold.
"Well, that's all the food we'll be getting today—"
"Except for my poisonous apples," Rapunzel said. "Wait! Oskar said that they only poison who you want to poison, so doesn't that mean I can eat them if I want to?"
"Who's Oskar?" said Vanessa.
"Yes," said Whit. "Yes, I suppose so."
Rapunzel narrowed her eyes. "You are taking me to the poisonous apples, right?"
"Yes," he repeated with a sigh. "But that is all until we can get to my house. Come on, then. We might be able to make it there by late afternoon or evening. Otherwise, we'll have to stop at another cave and sleep there until morning." He looked at them meaningfully.
Rapunzel shivered. "Ugh, let's go. You guys better not be slow."
The forest here was almost identical to the one in Milen. Well, Rapunzel was pretty sure almost all forests looked the same, but there was something eerie about this one. She kept accidentally turning because she thought she recognized a circle of trees or something. Whit looked at her curiously, Vanessa frowned at her, and Alice looked oblivious.
But what did it matter, anyway? She was getting out of here soon enough—she just had to get those poisonous apples. Then she'd be free.
* * *
"Why is there a forest here, anyway?" said Alice as they walked. "I didn't know there was a forest around Nien."
"There wasn't," said Whit. "It just...sprouted up after the Revolution. It's kind of like a cage, all around the city." He paused. "In it, too."
"Wait, so the city's like...under here?" said Vanessa, looking down.
"Well, what's left of it, yes. The forest doesn't grow everywhere, mostly around the city."
Rapunzel fought the urge to yawn. This was so boring. Why did she have to walk so much? Her feet were starting to hurt, and her slippers were definitely not meant for walking. Of the four of them, only Whit and Alice were wearing walking shoes.
She glared at the stamps on the back of her hand. She was already sacrificing so much for this. It was worth it for the prince, but seriously. She had to pay Kensel for two nasty slips of paper, and she had to pay Nicolai for something that barely mattered. Life was just too hard.
Whit's path led them round a mountain, sloping hills filled with overgrowth crowding all around them. The path grew narrower. It would really be so easy to just push one of the others off the edge and watch them tumble away.
She opened her mouth to say something about it, but then she saw it. And screamed.
The others leapt back from her—well, not Whit, that guy was practically a statue, but he did stop and stare at her, wide-eyed.
"What are you—" began Vanessa.
"Poisonous apples!" Rapunzel screamed, pointing excitedly down the side of the mountain.
"They're growing in the ground?" Vanessa said.
How dumb was this girl? "There!" Rapunzel snapped, gesturing.
The others crept to the edge to look.
The hills had cleared, and there was a bright, open field at the bottom of the mountain. All alone in the field was a single tree, with silver-white bark and dark green leaves. Dark, blood-red apples dotted the tree.
"How do you know those are poisonous apples?" said Alice, crouching low on the ground, looking even smaller than usual. All Rapunzel had to do was kick her and she would go flying off the edge of the cliff. "They look just like apples to me."
"They're the only apples around here," Rapunzel said, shrugging. "Besides, do you think normal apples would grow here?"
Vanessa shrugged and glanced at Whit.
"Those are the apples," he confirmed.
"So...are you going to get those apples for me or what?" said Rapunzel.
Vanessa looked at her. "What?"
"Are you deaf? I said, go get those apples for me."
She frowned. "Hey," she said. "First of all, we're not your servants, and second, how do you expect any of us to get down there?"
"Jump off or something, I don't care," said Rapunzel. "Just hurry up so I can go home." Vanessa was such a whiny baby.
"Oh, believe me," said Vanessa. "I want you to go home as much as you do. But can't you just think for once?"
"I am thinking," Rapunzel said, flipping her hair over her shoulder. "I'm thinking about how I could be home right now if it weren't for you all being so lazy."
"You're the one who wanted them, so you go get them," Vanessa snapped.
"I would, but it's—Wait, where are you going?" She stared at Whit and Alice, who had stepped away from the edge and were continuing down the path. Alice had way too much of a skip in her step, it was so annoying.
"We're getting off this mountain," Whit said, not even looking over his shoulder, still walking. "I said I would take you all safely to where you need to go. If you weren't so hasty and hadn't started ordering everyone around, I might have been able to tell you that there's a way down there that doesn't involve jumping off cliffs."
Rapunzel stared. "There's a way off and you didn't tell me?" She charged after them, Vanessa following.
"You were too busy arguing."
"You—"
Whit put up a hand. Now he glanced at her, eyebrows raised. "I am helping you. If you don't want to cooperate, you can go ahead and find your own way out of here. Now be quiet, you're getting on my nerves."
"I am getting on your nerves?" Rapunzel scoffed. Who did this guy think he was? "All of you are getting on my nerves! You're all so whiny and annoying."
"Excuse me, are you saying this like you're some sort of saint?" said Vanessa. "Literally the first thing you did when you got here was get us all attacked by a beast!"
"It wouldn't have attacked me if you all hadn't been so—"
"Is this it?" Alice said loudly, stopping near a bend. Rapunzel glared at the others as they caught up to Alice so they could see what she was looking at.
There, in front of them, was the mouth of another large cave. Or, no, it was a tunnel.
Rapunzel looked skeptically at it. "This is going to lead me to my poisonous apples?"
"It's going to lead us down the mountain, so yes, Rapunzel," said Whit. Rapunzel hated the way he said her name.
"Let's just go already," Vanessa muttered. She stomped off into the cave. What was her problem? Life wasn't hard for her.
Rapunzel rolled her eyes as they followed Vanessa into the tunnel. She couldn't wait to go home.


Part 17

ALICE
It was dark, and with the absence of her sight, all Alice's other senses were heightened. She was suddenly aware of every little movement around her, every quick breath and missed step. It was so dark it reminded her of being in the portal, though at least she knew that she wasn't alone here.
"Ugh, it's so dark," Rapunzel muttered. "Didn't you say you had matches or something?"
"Unless you have a lantern, I'm not going to light a match," said Whit. "Who's going to hold it? You?" 
"I'm not burning my fingers off, thanks."
"Well, neither am I."
"You're wearing gloves anyway. Besides, doesn't Vanessa have everything in her satchel? She's probably hiding a lantern in there or something."
"It's not a magic satchel," said Vanessa. "It only has what I put in it."
"You literally pulled a knife out of that thing," pointed out Rapunzel. "And you call me a murderer."
Vanessa was silent for a moment. "Fine. I'll check." She stopped walking, Alice pausing with her. She heard Whit stop behind them, but Rapunzel continued on ahead.
There was a soft click as Vanessa unbuckled her satchel, and then a sound as she rummaged through it. After a moment, Vanessa swung something towards Alice. "Is this it? I don't think I put this in here..."
Alice reached out and took it. "It's a lantern," she confirmed, hearing the oil slosh around at the bottom. "So it is magic."
"Told you," Rapunzel called from up ahead.
"But magic is banned in Phire," said Vanessa, and Alice could almost hear her frowning. "There's no reason why I would have a magical object."
"Well, at least it's useful here," Alice said. Whit lit a match beside her, and she lifted the glass chimney of the lantern for him to light the wick. The flame transferred almost instantly, and she fit the chimney back to its original position as Whit blew out the match.
"There," Alice said triumphantly, lifting the lantern. She hadn't ever lit a lantern before; she'd only ever seen her father do it, and sometimes the servants. It was the most minuscule accomplishment, and really Whit had been the one to light it, but somehow it made her feel good.
"Hey!" Rapunzel yelled suddenly, making Alice jump and almost drop the lantern. She tightened her grip on it, remembering how her parents had warned her a million times not to play with the lanterns lest she break one and start a fire.
"What is it?" Whit said, and they quickened their pace to catch up to her.
Alice raised the lantern, letting the light spread farther into the tunnel so they could see. And what they saw was that the tunnel wasn't quite a tunnel, for it stopped in front of them. It was a dead end, a wall of rock blocking them from going on further.
Well, it wasn't quite a dead end.
There was a hole in the ground.
Though it wasn't a jagged, random hole, as if the ground had caved in. It wasn't even remotely round. It was a square, a perfect square, large enough that the four of them could all jump in at the same time. It definitely had not been made by accident, as evidenced by the fact that a perfect little nook had been cut out of the wall to encompass the hole on three sides.
Not only that, parallel metal rails were lining the three walls, going vertically down into the hole. Thick metal cords hung down into the hole from an unknown source up above.
"This is how we get down?" said Rapunzel. "You want us to climb down this thing or something? Is this rope thing even secure? How is this better than just climbing off the cliff out there?"
"We're not climbing down it," said Whit. "And that's not a rope."
That was when Alice realized it.
"It's an elevator shaft," she said.
"What?" said Rapunzel, staring into the hole with wide eyes.
"An elevator shaft," Alice said again. "Right?"
"Kind of a strange place for an elevator," said Vanessa, and Alice had to agree.
"Well, don't you remember there used to be a city before there was a forest?" said Whit. "Yes, it's an elevator. Usually it's here, but I guess someone forgot to bring it back after using it."
"You mean you?" said Rapunzel.
"No. I mean someone."
"You're the only person who lives here."
"When did I say that?" Whit reached around her to where there was a small panel on the wall Alice hadn't noticed yet. There was a single silver button on the panel. He pressed the button, and it made a beeping sound. The rest of them jumped back as if he'd lit the fuse on a stick of dynamite.
There was an awful grating sound, and Alice winced, fighting the urge to just drop the lantern and slap her hands over her ears. The metal cords began to move, and then, slowly, jerkily, an elevator rose up to their level. The doors slid open.
"Come on," said Whit, stepping into the elevator. The metal shook and creaked, but held. He looked at them from inside. "Are you coming?"
"No," said Rapunzel. "I'm not going in there!"
Alice looked at the elevator. She'd only ever ridden an elevator once, in Aense. She'd been both terribly excited and terribly anxious, and she had held her mother's hand through the ride. She shrugged. "I'm going in."
Vanessa followed her, and though the elevator had looked large from the outside, it suddenly felt tight inside the elevator. "Whew," Vanessa said. "Anyone claustrophobic?"
"I'm not scared of anything," Rapunzel said, but she stayed out in the tunnel.
"Then get in here."
"But what if it breaks?"
"I thought you weren't scared of anything."
"I'm not!" Rapunzel protested.
"I'm sure it won't break," said Alice, though she really had no reason to believe that.
"I guess you can just stay out there, then," Vanessa said. "Oh well." She shrugged.
There was another panel in the interior of the elevator, but like the panel outside, it had only one button. Vanessa reached out and pressed it. The doors began to slide shut.
Rapunzel threw herself into the elevator just before the doors closed behind her. She glared at the others, daring them to say anything. No one did.
Then the elevator began to drop. It was so sudden, so fast, that Alice thought they must have hung there, defying gravity for a split second, before falling back down onto the elevator.
It was a free fall, all the way down.
They pressed up against the sides of the cramped elevator. Alice gripped the lantern so tightly her nails were digging into her skin. The other's eyes were wide, their faces drained of color. If they were screaming, Alice couldn't tell. Rapunzel's mouth was open, but all sound was lost in the roar of the elevator as it plunged downward.
The elevator stopped suddenly, with a bone-rattling sound. Alice's feet and ankles ached as if she'd just jumped from a tall building.
The doors slid open.
Alice stepped outside, feeling shaken to the core. The others followed, looking like they felt the same way. The elevator closed behind them.
"I have had enough of falling," Rapunzel muttered.
They stumbled out onto the field. Rapunzel immediately took off, running towards the tree of poisonous apples. Alice blew out the lantern and returned it to Vanessa, who tucked it away into her satchel. Then they followed Rapunzel to the tree.
Arriving at the poisonous apple tree, they found Rapunzel hugging the trunk and grinning as if she'd just reunited with a long-lost relative. 
"Is she okay?" muttered Vanessa.
"I think so?" said Alice.
Rapunzel unwrapped herself from around the tree and reached up to pluck two round, dark apples from it.
"Two?" said Vanessa.
"Just in case," said Rapunzel.
Whit reached up and picked an apple as well. "Here." He tossed it at Vanessa, who barely had time to catch it. He plucked two more, handing one to Alice. "We can eat these."
"Oh yeah," said Rapunzel. "How does the poison work? Like, how does it know who to poison?"
"Magic works to your will," said Whit. "So if you will it to kill someone, it will. If you don't, it won't." He shrugged. "Simple as that."
"Huh," said Rapunzel. She shrugged, then bit into one of the apples. They watched her carefully as she chewed, then swallowed. After a moment, she raised her eyebrows at them. "Why are you staring at me?"
"It's really not poisonous unless you want it to be," said Whit. There was a loud crunch as he bit into his apple.
Alice rubbed at a spot on her apple, then bit it. It was crunchy, but not too hard, and it was the sweetest apple she had ever eaten. They were silent for a moment, eating.
"Shouldn't we take some more?" Rapunzel said, looking up at the tree.
"Unless you want to hold it all," said Whit. "We're still going to have to walk for hours, so you can take it if you want, but..."
"Vanessa has a satchel, anyway," said Rapunzel. "But how come I still have to go with you guys? I've already got my apples, I have to go home now so I can poison Snow."
"Well," he said, "you can't go back alone; you don't know the way. But I'm already taking Alice and Vanessa to my house. If you want to go back now we'll all have to go. Or, we can continue where we're going, and then we can drop off Alice and Vanessa and I can take you back alone."
Rapunzel wrinkled her nose. "But you opened a portal before; why can't you just do it here?"
"Too much magic," he said. "Now, come along. We'll most likely make it there before dark—"
"Wait, then I'm going to have to wait another day until I can go home?" Rapunzel said. "Ugh, I've already wasted so much time; just take me back already!"
"You're the one who decided to come here, so it's not my problem," said Whit with a shrug. "If we go back now, you'll be inconveniencing all of us, but if we continue, we're only going to be inconveniencing you. Unfortunately for you, majority wins so we'll keep going." He started off down the field.
The girls looked at each other. Vanessa shrugged and plucked a few more apples from the tree, placing them in her satchel. Alice licked a bit of apple juice off her chin. They followed Whit.
"I'm just going to go back, ugh," Rapunzel called.
"Go ahead, see if you can remember the way," Whit said.
"I have an amazing memory, of course I remember the way...I'll just go back up that elevator and then down the mountain and then..."
"Mhm," said Whit. Alice caught up to Whit's side and he smiled down at her.
"Do you think she's actually going to go off on her own?" said Alice. "What if she runs into another beast?"
"Oh, I don't think she will," said Whit casually.
Alice frowned, but he was proven right a moment later when Rapunzel stormed after them, screaming, "All right! Ugh! You guys are so frustrating!" She caught up to them, glaring. "Keep this." She shoved her poisonous apple at Vanessa.
"Hey!" Vanessa protested, trying to shove it back at her. "This bag isn't light, you know!"
"It's one apple. You're probably hoarding fifty in there."
Vanessa glared but put the apple into her satchel. She bit fiercely into the one she was still holding, the crack of it cutting straight through the tension.
"You're welcome," she muttered after chewing and swallowing.
Rapunzel studiously ignored her, flipping her hair over her shoulder and marching after Whit.


Part 18

ANDRINA
Afternoon. How was it afternoon already?
Andrina hurried across the street, one hand pressed protectively against the bulging bag at her side, the other clutching her watch. Her cloak flapped in the wind, and she struggled to control it.
After finishing with yesterday's work, she'd gone to return the candles, where she'd ended up falling asleep. No one had bothered to wake her, and by the time she'd bolted upright on the couch, everyone had already gone, leaving her to scramble for her things and vow to get revenge on them later.
Thank the gods that she hadn't missed any appointments and didn't have any until later in the evening, but she'd left Rapunzel home with Ruben all night. That alone was concerning enough.
Andrina ducked into the woods and stumbled over tree roots as she hastily made her way back to the house. As she stepped up to the door, Esben materialized by her shoulder to grin at her.
She narrowed her eyes at him. You didn't wake me. None of you did, she added, just in case any of the others were listening.
Esben shrugged and continued grinning with that childish nonchalance.
Andrina rolled her eyes and placed her hand on the door, waiting to hear the sound of the bolts unlocking. It didn't come.
She frowned, then twisted the doorknob and tried the door. It opened easily.
Well, maybe that wasn't a big deal. Maybe Rapunzel just hadn't locked the door last night like she'd been told.
Andrina stepped into the house, taking off her cloak and bag and hanging both on the coat rack by the door. The house seemed empty, but maybe Rapunzel was in her room. Maybe she was still sleeping...though Rapunzel had always been an early riser.
She hesitated, then glanced over at Esben, who had ducked behind her coat, nuzzling his face in the fabric. She lifted the coat and raised her eyebrows at him. He widened his eyes at her and pressed his hands to his cheeks, smiling.
Check the house. She flicked a hand dismissively. He nodded and disappeared. There was a rush as the other spirits moved past her, dispersing among the house.
Andrina went into the kitchen. Her footsteps against the wooden floorboards sounded wrong. Hollow. There was a bad feeling in the pit of her stomach.
"Ruben?" she called, quietly, in case Rapunzel really was sleeping. Perhaps taking a nap.
There was a clink in the cupboard. Rolling her eyes, Andrina opened the cupboard and found Ruben trying to climb inside a tall glass.
"What are you doing?" she said, as Ruben squealed, tipping over into the glass. She picked it up and brought it over to the counter, ignoring his protests.
"I was just looking for a nice place to—"
"To hide?" Andrina raised an eyebrow.
"To...rest," he said. "Why are you back so late?"
"I lost track of the time," she snapped. But that wasn't important. "Is Rapunzel home?"
"Definitely," Ruben said, pushing the glass so it tipped over and he tumbled out onto the counter. "Of course she's home. Why wouldn't she be?"
"Are you being sarcastic?"
"Sarcastic?" he said. "Me? Never." He stood and brushed himself off, smiling insolently.
Oh, no.
"Where is she?" Andrina demanded. Had they gotten her?
How had they gotten her?
"She's in her room, duh," Ruben said.
Now was not the time. She glared at him. "Where is she?"
Ruben blinked at the snarl in her voice. "Whoa, relax," he said. He huffed and crossed the counter over to the stack of napkins. He picked one up and wrapped it around his shoulders, then sat on the stack. "She's not dead or anything...I think. She's probably fine."
Andrina gripped the edge of the counter, knuckles white. Come back.
The spirits reacted instantly to her command. She could feel their alarm as they whirled around her, picking up her emotions. She shut her eyes for a moment, then opened them. Did you find anything?
Silence. Esben appeared sitting on the counter, legs dangling off the edge. He shook his head.
Andrina turned to Ruben again, watching her with a smile frozen on his face. "Where did she go last night?" Calm down. She had to breathe.
"She went to Fable," Ruben said.
Fable. Fable. If she went to Fable she'd be hard to find. She would be safe from everyone outside, but still. Inside...she wasn't sure if that was any better.
"You let her go by herself? How did she even know about it?"
"You think I'd let her do that herself?" Ruben scoffed. "I'm not completely heartless—and I knew you'd get mad at me. I led her there—because she wanted to go, not me!"
"But why would she want to go to Fable?" Andrina wanted to scream.
"Beats me. She's a psycho. And obsessed with that prince—wait. I may have said to much."
Andrina stared at him. "What?"
Ruben sighed. "I honestly have no idea how she managed to keep it a secret from you, or why. She's literally obsessed. She thinks she's in love with him." He made a disgusted face.
"She went to Fable for a prince?"
Ruben shrugged.
Andrina inhaled deeply. "And you went home without her?" She knew she shouldn't have trusted him. She'd known from the start—he was going to ruin everything. And he had.
"Yeah," Ruben said. He shrugged.
"I thought you weren't completely heartless."
"I'm not," he said. "I'm just mostly heartless."
Andrina wanted to throw something at him, watch his tiny body squish beneath a teapot or something. Stupid tiny faerie. She'd known his kind were untrustworthy.
"Where in Fable?" she snapped, already walking out of the kitchen. Her spirits drifted after her. 
"Don't know," said Ruben.
She drew in another deep breath, then exhaled. Fine. She would just find out herself.
Andrina snatched her cloak off the rack and wrapped it around her shoulders, pinning it at her throat. "If something's happened to her..." She glanced over her shoulder. Ruben was standing in the middle of the floor, the napkin still wrapped around his shoulders. "You will regret it for the rest of your life."
She left without waiting for a reply, letting the door slam behind her.
Rapunzel had last been seen in Fable. Hopefully, she was still there. But Andrina had been in Fable last night too. How had she missed her?
Fable might have been hidden from the outside world, but it was full of the worst sort of people and creatures. All Rapunzel had to do was get on someone's bad side...
The people moving around her were a blur. Andrina was only vaguely aware of angry carriage drivers and impatient people pushing against her, trying to get past. She only saw ahead of her.
The market was less crowded in the daytime, but Andrina still had to push through the throngs of people. There was a bad taste on her tongue that she couldn't swallow, and she bit down on it as people jostled against her.
"Kensel!" Andrina lifted her hand and waved, hating the way it drew unwanted attention from the strangers nearby. But it did the job. Kensel's pale eyes flickered from the customer in front of her to Andrina. A slight nod of the faerie's head gave Andrina the permission she needed to duck into the stall.
"A silver and three coppers it is," Kensel said cheerfully, holding out one hand to collect the money. With her other hand, she handed the long, beaded necklace to the customer, who begrudgingly paid the amount.
Pocketing the coins, Kensel turned to Andrina. "Back here," she said, pulling Andrina further into the stall, behind where two young girls sat beading necklaces.
"I'm sorry to bother you—"
Kensel cut her off with a dismissive wave of her hand. "Make it quick. What do you need?"
"Another ticket."
Kensel frowned. "But it's the middle of the day. Is..."
"No one's in trouble," Andrina assured her. "I'm just...looking for someone. I need a ticket. Please."
Kensel hesitated a little, then reached into her mouth and pulled out a ticket. "I'm sorry, this one I can't give you for free. It's just too risky—"
"I understand," Andrina said. She placed a gold coin in Kensel's hand. "It's all right."
Clutching the ticket tightly in her fist, she hurried over to the entrance to Fable. Edwin fixed his clear glass eyes on her in puzzlement, and she flashed him the ticket. He led her to Vya, who looked at her lazily.
"Back so soon?" she hissed. "Ticket."
Andrina held out the ticket. She'd been to Fable many times before and had been in front of Vya more than she could count, yet it was still as unsettling as always when she reached out her thin, forked tongue to taste the ticket. Vya's fanged mouth opened in a wide smile as she swallowed the ticket and announced, "Come in."
Andrina clenched her fists as she shoved past the curtain and stepped through the portal.
It was always an unnerving sensation, but she fought down the nausea as she shook her head to clear it, looking over at where Oskar sat, as usual, slumped in his armchair.
"Well, Little Miss Andrina is back again," Oskar said lazily. "Hm. Someone's looking tense."
Andrina grit her teeth, trying not to grind them. Stupid, infuriating—she hated that every time she checked into Fable she had to go through him. "I need you to check the ledger."
Oskar blinked at her. "Huh?"
"Check the ledger," she repeated, each word biting. "Someone came by here last night, and I need to find them."
He raised his eyebrows but waved a hand. Instantly, a thick, leather-bound book appeared in front of him, floating. He plucked it out of the air and licked his finger to turn the pages. "All right. So, tell me, who are we looking for?"
"Her name is Rapunzel," said Andrina.
He glanced up at her. "There was no one with that name. But that doesn't mean she didn't come. Tell me more. She came...last night?"
"Sometime from the afternoon to the evening," she said. "A girl, young. Sixteen? Brown hair, brown eyes..."
"I assure you, a million girls fit that description," he said, still flipping through pages.
"She was with Ruben."
Oskar paused. "Ah," he said. Then he smiled.
His smiles would never cease to send chills down Andrina's spine. "What is it?" she said, keeping her voice cold.
"Yes, a girl like that did come by yesterday afternoon," he said. "I'm assuming by brown hair, you mean...this brown?" He waved another hand and held up a long lock of wavy brown hair, bound by twine.
Andrina's heart stopped. Yes. That was Rapunzel's hair. "What are you doing with—"
"Hey, I don't ask you what odd and illegal things you're doing, you don't ask the same of me," Oskar said, tossing the lock of hair over his shoulder, where it disappeared before hitting the ground. "Was that it? You just wanted to confirm that she was here?"
"I want to know where she went," said Andrina. "Where did you send her?"
Oskar narrowed his eyes. "All right, Andrina. I know you, but you know I can't just give out information like this."
Andrina grit her teeth again. "I would never tell. You should know. I would never work for them. I would never tell them anything. Rapunzel is my...I need to make sure she's safe. She didn't return from Fable."
Oskar studied her carefully. He let out a long sigh. "Fine," he said. "I'm trusting you with this. But you'll need to—"
"Pay you, yes, I know. Just tell me."
"All right, all right...I sent her to Nicolai."
Andrina's eyes widened. "Why would you—"
"I won't tell you why. You can ask Nicolai or Cecilia if you want, but that's all I'm going to give you. She needed a witch who dealt with memories; I sent her to one. You want to go to them?"
Andrina nodded furiously. How ironic that she'd rushed so hastily from Fable only to be sent back to the same exact place she'd run from.
Oskar threw the ledger away, and Andrina felt the ground start to move beneath her.
"Wait!" she said, remembering. Everything stilled. Oskar raised an eyebrow at her inquisitively. "The hair. Why did she give it to you? What else did she want?"
"Huh," Oskar said. "You must not know her that well if she's so secretive. Who is she to you, anyway? Why have I never even heard of her before?"
"Do you need to know? Just tell me and I'll double the payment when I send it to you tomorrow."
"Fine," he said. "She was looking for something, so I told her to go to Ailthe."
Andrina felt as if she'd been punched. "What?"
"Ailthe," said Oskar. "I'm assuming she's there now."
Ailthe. Andrina's head was spinning. Rapunzel was in Ailthe.
But—war—ruins—danger—
"Take me to Nicolai, now," Andrina bit.
Oskar didn't even try a quip. He just nodded once, and the room began to plummet.


Part 19

NICOLAI
Cecilia climbed out of the carriage, staring up at the palace in front of her. Nicolai got out behind her, fumbling with the coins as he handed them to the driver. Cecilia stood there as the carriage rode away, so Nicolai did as well, waiting for her to take in the whole building.
He couldn't blame her. Every time Nicolai saw the palace he wanted to do the same—stand and ogle. The palace was large, antique, and beautiful, radiating a long and triumphant history. And it was mostly built on peace, which was impressive.
Unfortunately, after standing there for a while he noticed the guards start to notice them. Nudging Cecilia with his elbow, Nicolai walked past her over to the iron gate, which was probably meant to block out faeries and Otherworldly creatures. Like him.
One of the guards was leaning against the wall looking bored. The other stared blankly into the distance. Eilysten security sure was lax. Though perhaps everything seemed lax compared to Eyven security. After spending so many years there, coming home was like falling into a warm embrace. Literally, since Eilyste was so much warmer than the icy Eyves.
Nicolai went up to the guards, smiling shyly. Cecilia was just behind him. Both guards straightened and adopted severe expressions.
"Good morning," Nicolai said. Conveniently, all those employed by the palace were required to learn sign language, for the king's sister was deaf.
Beside him, Cecilia plastered a bright smile to her face, signing a quick greeting and introduction. Nicolai had been planning to do it himself, but perhaps it was better if she did it. She always signed so smoothly, elegantly. It was the way her voice sounded, too.
"We've been hired to fix security," Nicolai cut in, because while Cecilia was being very graceful and pretty—she was always pretty—they did need to get going. "You know that it's been quite...." He waved a hand, intentionally vague. "We just want to help." He flashed a winning smile.
"Well...can you verify?" said the bored-looking guard, signing at the same time. He did so clumsily, thinking between movements. He sounded as bored as he looked.
Nicolai waved his hand again. This time, it wasn't to be vague. "Of course."
"I guess," the guard said, not even bothering to sign this time. His voice was flat, unemotional, monotonous. Nicolai knew Cecilia always hated when he did this, but it was useful. "Sure, go ahead. Open up!"
The gate began to open, creakily, and Nicolai smiled at the guards again. He thanked them, quickly, then marched past the gate before it had even opened all the way. Cecilia slipped in after him.
They entered the palace, ducking away from the prying eyes of servants. The halls were carpeted in velvet and lit with glittering lanterns.
Nicolai opened a searching flame in one hand. It had a bluish tint.
They continued down the halls, the flame flashing different colors in Nicolai's hand. It finally settled on a dark violet shade, shifting redder and bluer.
Cecilia took Nicolai's other hand. Nicolai started to curl his fingers around hers, but she opened up his hand and wrote into his palm, "Really?"
He gave her an inquisitive glance.
"Are we really doing this?"
Nicolai shrugged. "Why not?"
Cecilia glanced around them, dropping his hand to sign, "Taking his memories..." She shook her head. "It's not fair. It's not right."
Nicolai shrugged again. The flame flickered redder and he grabbed her hand, pulling her around a corner. "I'm not fair."
He closed his fist around the now-flaming-red flame, extinguishing it. They stood in front of a plain door, closed. He glanced at Cecilia. She looked at him wordlessly.
Nicolai knocked.
There was the rustling of bed sheets and the shuffling of papers. "Who is it?" called a voice from inside.
Prince Ivan. He had a recognizable voice, with that soft Eilysten lilt.
"May we come in?" Cecilia said sweetly. "We're here to check if the magical security in the room still holds up."
And wasn't it funny how magicians were outlawed in Eilyste, yet the king still used magic to keep his home safe...from magic?
There was a silence. "I wasn't told you were coming."
"Really? That's not very good," said Cecilia. "They should have warned you."
There was another pause. Then Ivan said, "Come in, then. Be quick."
Nicolai put his hand around the doorknob. There was a flash of blue and a stinging pain, and he yanked his hand back. Both he and Cecilia stared down at his palm—burnt.
Well, at least they knew the security worked.
"Is everything all right?" called Ivan from inside. The door opened, and the Grand Prince of Eilyste stared up at them, a concerned expression on his face. It changed to surprise, then horror, as Nicolai shoved into the room. Cecilia followed, quietly closing the door.
Nicolai smiled at Ivan, signing a polite hello. He tucked his burnt hand behind his back.
Ivan stared. "Are you a...witch?"
Nicolai glanced over his shoulder at Cecilia, scowled, and mouthed a curse. She almost laughed. But this was nothing he couldn't fix.
"You're not here to check the magical security," Ivan said, taking a step back.
Nicolai gave up trying to hide his hand and spread both out in a gesture of surrender, shrugging helplessly.
The prince opened his mouth, possibly to scream, but Nicolai snapped his fingers and Ivan's voice was gone. Ivan's hands flew to his throat, and his eyes grew wide as he tried to get his voice to work. Poor thing was going to strangle himself.
Nicolai forced Ivan's hands down to his sides, then guided him to sit down on the bed. With two fingers, Nicolai closed the prince's eyes. He was struggling, face twitching as he tried to open his eyes. If he just stopped struggling, it wouldn't be so difficult.
Nicolai took Ivan's hand and spelled out, "Don't worry."
He pressed his fingers to Ivan's temples, making him flinch. But he couldn't move. He felt around for a moment before he caught the thread of Ivan's memories. He held on to one end of it, then began to search through for all memories containing Snow White.
There were more than he'd expected. The earliest was from about a year ago, the latest from just that morning. Ivan had seen Snow frequently, and each memory was surprisingly vivid in his head, pulsing bright colors.
Nicolai felt a little bad. But oh well. They were going to walk away rich from this.
He began to draw out the memories. Slowly, achingly, twisting them in his hands into a glowing silver strand. All the while, Ivan was completely still.
Finally, Nicolai stepped back, twirling the strand around his finger. Ivan slowly opened his eyes, looking dazed. He glanced around as if he'd been newly born, seeing the world for the first time. He looked at Nicolai, then Cecilia, and shut his eyes tightly. He shook his head a little. He would likely feel that way for a few days. But Nicolai had been careful. He would never know anything had ever been missing.
Nicolai glanced back at Cecilia as he made Ivan settle himself into bed. Cecilia's expression was unreadable. Tucking the strand of Ivan's memories away, Nicolai reached out and took her hand. She let him.
Ivan pulled the covers over himself and shut his eyes. And that, really, was all.
* * *
"Check in with Oskar before you go," Edwin said as Vya tasted Nicolai and Cecilia's cards. Their tickets to Fable were year-round, seeing as they were permanent residents. Well, permanent, but with conditions.
Nicolai and Cecilia glanced at each other. A perk of being a permanent resident was that you didn't have to check in with Oskar before being sent on your merry way. But Oskar oversaw Fable, so he got to make the orders.
"Come in," Vya hissed, and Nicolai pushed back the curtain, the wall revealing a panel for them to select their destination. Nicolai pressed one, the highest floor in Fable. He and Cecilia lived on the sixteenth floor.
"Goodness, you've been out a bit," Oskar said, hopping out of his chair as Nicolai and Cecilia entered Fable. They were a few pounds heavier with shopping bags, which Nicolai had felt he owed Cecilia after that job. "Little Miss Andrina is back, and she's waiting for you. By the Fates, that woman is scary when she's angry."
"You know she's older than you, right?" Cecilia said, raising her eyebrow.
"Half the people here are, but I'm the one who sits at the top," Oskar said with a shrug.
"What does she want?" Cecilia frowned, then. Nicolai felt like doing the same. Andrina had already returned the candles she'd borrowed for the seance, what else could she need?
"Remember Rapunzel from last night?" Oskar said. "The girl who wanted poisonous apples? For some reason, Andrina didn't want her here." He shrugged again. "You sent her off to Ailthe, right?"
And she hadn't come back yet? Most of those who went came back empty-handed, giving up after running into some sort of bridge. Those who did manage to get the apples strangely had no recollection of how they'd gotten them. Nicolai had seen many who'd wanted their memories back, but he couldn't make them out of thin air. Those people had had their memories taken away just as he'd done to Ivan.
"Anyway, just wanted to warn you in case you don't want to see her," Oskar said. "I'll send her off if you want."
 Cecilia and Nicolai looked at each other. Well. It must have been something important for Andrina to come back to Fable.
"We'll see her," Nicolai told Oskar, who just nodded and sent them plummeting down to their room.
"There you are!" Andrina said, standing when Nicolai and Cecilia arrived in their room. Nicolai took the shopping bags from Cecilia and went to put them away as Cecilia rushed in to placate Andrina.
"What's the matter—"
"I need to talk to you!" Andrina said.
Nicolai winced at the sharpness in her voice. Please clean up the house; this seems like a matter I should attend to, he told the spirits lounging in the corners of the house. They seemed to be staying far from Andrina, not because they didn't like her, but because Andrina's own spirits were crowding around her. The one she called Esben sat on the floor, playing with three colorful spirits—not the spirits of the dead, more like whispers of magic. To Nicolai, they were just little wisps of color-changing smoke.
"Rapunzel hired you yesterday, didn't she?" Andrina asked, her tone accusatory as Nicolai stepped back into the room.
"Yes." Short and simple.
"Do you know her?" Cecilia asked. She was hugging herself, but she hadn't even taken her coat off yet.
"She's my daughter." Nicolai watched Andrina's eyes widen as she said the words, hands twisting before curling into fists.
Cecilia frowned. Slowly, she said, "I thought—"
"My stepdaughter," Andrina said quickly. "She's my stepdaughter."
Cecilia's frown deepened. "You got married?" she said. "When? How come I wasn't invited? You have a stepdaughter?"
"I'm sorry," Andrina said, voice thin. She had always been a bad liar. "You were out of town and I never got to mentioning it—"
"Who'd you marry? When? You didn't tell Nicolai either?"
"I just forgot to mention it." Andrina shrugged helplessly. "Anyway, about Rapunzel. You sent to her Ailthe." It wasn't a question.
"She wanted to go," Nicolai said before Cecilia could.
"And you just let her?" Andrina snapped. "Ailthe is in ruins! How could you let her go there?"
"She wanted to go," Nicolai repeated. "And plenty have gone to Ailthe and come back fine." Was she not even going to ask what her stepdaughter wanted in Ailthe? Nicolai had a feeling Rapunzel was going to be in quite a bit of trouble when she came back. Thank the Lord he didn't have children and was never going to have them. The spirits were enough trouble as it was.
"Why?" Andrina said, sighing exasperatedly as if she weren't the one berating them.
"She hired me to take some memories," Nicolai told her, "and she went to Ailthe for some poisonous apples. Seems she's fallen in love." Nicolai shuddered to think what sort of love Rapunzel thought that was.
Andrina's face went through a myriad of different emotions. Finally, it settled on anger. "Well," she said tightly. "It seems I haven't been paying enough attention to her." A pause. "Did she pay you yet?"
Nicolai shook his head.
"Good."
"Wait, she's still going to have to pay," Cecilia cut in. "Nicolai's already done the job."
"You have the memories?"
A curt nod.
"Let me see them."
"Of course not," Nicolai replied.
"You're not going to do anything else with them," Andrina said, taking a step towards him.
Nicolai didn't move. "It would be a violation of privacy." And who was she to say what he would and wouldn't do with the memories? They might as well have been his, now.
Andrina barked a laugh. "Nicolai, whoever those memories belong to, their privacy has already been violated. Let me see them."
"No."
"Andrina," Cecilia said. "We've done nothing wrong. This is our job, and we did as we were told. The problems lie with your daughter. And how were we supposed to know you were related?"
Andrina sighed. "She was never supposed to leave." Another heavy sigh. "Will you help me find her?"
"She's in Ailthe," Nicolai said. She knew this already. "Besides, looking for people isn't my specialty. Why don't you ask Zulvisia?" That witch lived on the sixth floor, and Nicolai was sure she was centuries old by now; she could do everything.
Andrina huffed. For a middle-aged woman, she sure did seem quite young when she did that. "Zulvisia already doesn't like me. Please. Just this once. I'll pay you. Just help me get Rapunzel back home."
"Might as well just wait around for her to come back." Nicolai shrugged. "It'll happen eventually."
"But what if something happens to her!" she said. "What if she gets hurt? I couldn't..." She didn't finish, shaking her head. Cecilia stepped forward to comfort her and shot Nicolai a look.
Well, yes. Perhaps that had been a little insensitive. It was, after all, Andrina. They'd grown up together. "All right," he sighed. "We'll help. But you'd better promise to pay."


Part 20

VANESSA
"My feet are killing me," Rapunzel whined, stomping through the forest with an impossible elegance. "I literally can't walk in these shoes."
Vanessa rolled her eyes for what felt like the millionth time. "Want to trade?" she said dryly, scuffing her sandals against the ground. The leather was chafing against her skin, and she was pretty sure she had blisters on her feet.
"Ew, no!" said Rapunzel. "Your shoes are probably all sweaty and gross." She wrinkled her nose, then glanced over at Whit and Alice. "Yours too, but you guys have boots on! That's totally not fair."
"I don't even think my shoes would fit you," Alice said, "but I would give them to you if they did! They're hardly boots, though. Just closed-toe sandals." She clicked her heels together.
"It's none of our faults that you were unprepared to go here," Whit said. "You wore the slippers, you deal with it."
"It's not like I knew I'd have to be walking so much," Rapunzel said. "Ugh, you guys should just carry me. And I don't even want to go; I should be going home right now."
Vanessa narrowed her eyes at Rapunzel as she continued on her endless tirade that no one was listening to. Whit was really going to let Rapunzel go home after all this? Vanessa knew it wasn't really her business, but were they all seriously just going to forget that Rapunzel was planning a murder? Maybe Whit had lied and those apples weren't actually poisonous at all. Maybe they were just normal apples.
"I'm thirsty," Rapunzel said, latching on to something else to complain about. "Find me another waterfall or something, I need to drink."
"Eat another apple or something," Vanessa snapped.
"But I'm so—"
"All right," Whit snapped, stopping abruptly. Alice nearly crashed into his back. He whirled around and glared at Rapunzel. "Sit. There." He pointed to the base of a tall tree.
"What?" Rapunzel frowned.
"Sit."
"You can't tell me what to do," she sniffed. They stared at each other, and, finally, Rapunzel huffed and went over to the tree. "Ew, it's dirty," she said.
"There's dirt, of course it's dirty. Sit down."
Rapunzel glared at him, brushed a bit of dirt off one of the tree's long, gnarly roots, and sat.
"You, too," said Whit, looking over at both Vanessa and Alice. They shared a puzzled look before doing as he said, sitting a good enough distance from Rapunzel so that she didn't snap at them.
The dirt felt oddly damp beneath Vanessa, but she didn't dare complain. She wasn't about to be a hypocrite. She rested her satchel on her lap and looked up at Whit, waiting.
"You three wait here," said Whit. "Take a break."
"Finally," Rapunzel huffed.
"'You three?'" echoed Vanessa. "What about you? You're just going to leave us here?"
"I'll get water. There's another creek near here. Anything else on the grocery list before I go?" He looked dryly at Rapunzel.
"Whatever," Rapunzel said. "Just hurry up."
"I'll take as long as I want," said Whit. He looked them over. "Don't run off. I won't go looking for you if you do."
"Um, what are you going to put the water in?" said Vanessa.
"I've been through here many times before. I always keep a bucket there in case I need it. It's just not on the way, so you can wait here."
"Do you want me to come and help you?" Alice piped up.
"It's fine," Whit said, waving a hand. He was already turning to walk away. "Stay back and make sure everyone stays in place."
"Oh. All right," said Alice. "Be careful!"
Whit didn't look back.
Rapunzel gave Alice a dirty look. "Like you have to look over us. You're literally three."
"I'm eleven!"
Vanessa sighed, praying that Whit came back soon. She didn't know if she could stand to be alone with Rapunzel, even if Alice was there. She took off her satchel and stood to hang it on a nearby branch before sitting back down, stretching her legs, and taking off her sandals, wincing as she reached down to rub her sore feet.
Rapunzel leaned against the trunk of the tree and glared at anyone who dared catch her eye. Vanessa leaned back, looking up into the blue sky.
Whit seemed to take forever to come back. There was silence until, suddenly, Rapunzel said, "Is she sleeping?"
Vanessa sat up and looked over at where Alice had curled at the base of a tree, her chin tucked into her chest and her bangs hiding her face.
They stared at her.
She didn't respond.
"Guess so," Vanessa said.
Rapunzel scoffed, like there was something wrong with falling asleep. Whatever it was, she didn't say it aloud.
Vanessa figured she might as well try to get some shut-eye as well. This was probably the only break Whit was going to let them have. Then they could hurry to Whit's house, and then Vanessa would be that much closer to finding her grandmother and getting home.
She was already drifting off when she remembered that Hans and Kai had no idea where she was and that it had been nearly a whole day she'd been gone. No one at home had any idea where she was...
Wouldn't it be ironic if her grandmother really had just been going out to the market or something? Then Vanessa would be off on a wild goose chase while everyone at home panicked about—
"Where's Rapunzel?"
Vanessa bolted up, nearly smacking her head on a branch. She blinked fast, rubbing her eyes with the back of her hand. "Huh?"
Whit stood in front of them, holding a metal pail. He stared at her, eyes wide.
"What?" Alice blinked awake, sitting up and flipping her bangs out of her eyes.
"Where did Rapunzel go?"
They turned to stare at the tree that Rapunzel had been sitting at.
She was gone.
The first thought that popped into Vanessa's head was, Good riddance.
She shook that away. No. What if Rapunzel got hurt?
But she was a murderer—well, planning to be one, at least.
Well," Whit sighed, setting down the pail. "There's nothing that can be done. We can't stop to look for her. Drink, and then we'll get going."
So...what? They were just supposed to forget about Rapunzel, then?
Vanessa tried not to think about her. She wasn't any of their problems, anyway. "The water's safe?" she said instead.
"Safe enough," said Whit, which wasn't particularly reassuring. "You won't die from drinking it."
Alice went over to the pail. She glanced from Whit to Vanessa.
"What?" said Whit.
"Nothing." Alice laughed. "Just debating how I'm supposed to drink this—like a cat?" She ended up not putting her face into the water and drinking it like a cat. She cupped some of the water in her hands and brought it up to her face to drink. She looked over at Vanessa. "Come have some."
"I'm pretty sure there's a more efficient way to drink," said Vanessa. "Maybe I can pull a cup out of my satchel."
She stood and started to go over to her satchel, then froze.
It wasn't there.
She had hung her satchel there...hadn't she?
"Um, where is your satchel?" said Alice.
Vanessa's mind was racing. "It has to be her."
"What?" said Whit.
"Rapunzel! She must have taken my satchel—the poisonous apples! They were in there, and she took them! Oh, by the Fates! She stole my satchel!"
Vanessa didn't even stop to think. Rapunzel wanted to go back, which means she must have headed back the way they'd come. Which meant—
Vanessa took off for the trees.
"Wait, Vanessa!" yelled Whit behind her.
"I'm not letting her steal my stuff!" Vanessa shouted. Everything was in there—even the map she needed to find her grandmother!
"But you're going to get lost—!" Alice's voice was lost in the wind.
Vanessa didn't stop.
She just ran.


Part 21

RAPUNZEL
Ugh. Why did Vanessa carry this stupid, heavy satchel anyway? It wasn't even pretty.
Rapunzel rummaged through the satchel as she walked, retracing their steps. It was full of apples, scraps of paper, and other random things. She scoffed to herself, thinking about how much easier it would be to just dump the other useless things out of the satchel. But then if the others came to look for her, they would know where she was going.
And first, she had to know where she was going.
Rapunzel paused, looking at the trees around her.
...She was pretty sure she recognized this tree.
Anyway, it probably wasn't that hard to get back where she'd been. Whit had probably been exaggerating just because he didn't want her to go off by herself. He must have fallen in love with her. But, whatever. The sooner she got back, the sooner she killed Snow, and the sooner she got the prince.
She continued walking, her feet still aching. She'd barely had time to rest at all; Whit was such a cruel person.
Rapunzel hadn't actually been planning to go off with the satchel. But sitting underneath the tree, watching Vanessa and Alice doze off like the lazy useless things they were, she'd realized that she didn't actually care what Whit said.
So what if there were "scary things" in the woods. Oh no, so scary. Rapunzel could handle it; she'd handled the beast at the bridge just fine. Even though it had been disgusting, she'd still managed to survive.
Who was Whit to tell her that she wasn't going to be safe? Who cared if she was safe? All she needed to do was go back home.
So she'd grabbed Vanessa's satchel and headed off.
She'd probably be back home by the time Whit got back.
...She was still thirsty, though.
But, whatever. She could have as much water as she wanted when she got home. And she could get all the revenge she wanted on pretty little Snow White.
Rapunzel's steps began to slow as she looked hesitantly around her. She was going the right way...right?
She shook her head, clearing it. Of course she was going the right way. Any way she headed was always the right way.
She plowed on.
"Rapunzel!"
Rapunzel stopped, frowning as she tilted her head back, looking around at the trees. Had they just shouted her name?
"Rapunzel! Where are you?"
Rapunzel sighed. Ugh. Of course, it was Vanessa. So whiny all the time.
"Rapunzel!" Was her voice getting closer? "Come back! That's my satchel!"
Rapunzel rolled her eyes. Whiny, whiny. She wanted to call back, "Not anymore!" but decided against it and quickened her pace, starting out with a jog before going all-out and running through the forest, ducking past branches, hopping over roots, and praying she was headed the way she wanted.
"You lied to me!" Vanessa screamed. She was definitely getting closer. Rapunzel could hear her footsteps now. She glanced over her shoulder and nearly had a heart attack seeing Vanessa barreling towards her, hair flying back, eyes wide and crazed. What was wrong with her?
"I never said I wasn't going to run off with your satchel!" Rapunzel shouted, panting as she ran. Running was not her thing. At least she still managed to look beautiful while doing it. Unlike Vanessa, who might as well have been a rabid dog with the way she was running.
Vanessa was gaining on her. Rapunzel surveyed the area in front of her. More trees, more forest. More space for Vanessa to catch up.
Rapunzel veered off to the right, hearing Vanessa screech to a halt behind her as she struggled to reroute. Ha.
"Stop!" That was Whit, now. Why was he running after them? It wasn't like she was stealing his satchel. "Rapunzel! Don't go in there!"
Rapunzel hesitated slightly, looking around at where she'd turned into. The ground beneath her was no longer just dirt and dead plants. There was a path now, the dirt dry and slightly lighter-colored than the surrounding soil.
"Get back here!" Vanessa screamed, and Rapunzel barely had time to shriek as Vanessa tackled her off the path into the surrounding plants.
"Ow!" Rapunzel cried, the plants stabbing into her arms, legs, and back. Her elbows skinned on the ground, and Vanessa landed heavily on top of her. "Get off me!" Rapunzel shoved Vanessa off.
Vanessa rolled away from her, hopping up into a crouch. She glared at Rapunzel. "You liar!" She reached for her satchel.
Rapunzel twisted out of the way, wincing and getting off the plants. "You could have killed me!"
Vanessa hesitated. "There are thorns? Sorry...But you're the one who stole my satchel!"
"I didn't even steal it, it was just lying there!"
"And you took it without my permission; that's stealing!"
Rapunzel huffed, glaring up at her. "Are you going to help me up?"
Vanessa glared back in silence. Then, after way too long of a hesitation, she stood and reached out to help up Rapunzel.
"You're crazy," Rapunzel muttered, brushing herself off. There were little punctured holes in her dress now. She glared down at the spiky plants.
The plants looked kind of...weird. Their centers looked similar to Venus flytraps, but they had bright purple petals that were long, thin, and sharpened to a point as thin as a needle. The leaves were jagged and sharp, like those of a rose. And, of course, there were thorns.
Rapunzel picked a few thorns out of her skin and dress. Vanessa did the same. They glared at each other as they did so.
Whit caught up to them, Alice just behind him. He frowned, running a hand through his hair. "You fell in the plants?"
"Vanessa tackled me," Rapunzel said, shooting Vanessa a dirty look. Vanessa reciprocated.
"Give it back," Vanessa said, reaching for her satchel again.
Rapunzel twisted away again. "No! I'm not letting you keep the apples."
"Then take them out and hold them yourself!"
"I told you not to go on this path," Whit said to Rapunzel.
"You yelled that after I'd already gone on it," Rapunzel said. "It's not like I knew, since you didn't tell me anything."
"Because I'm asking you to trust me to take you all safely to the city. If you keep running off like this you're going to get us all killed," Whit snapped.
"Well, I don't trust you," Rapunzel said. "I barely know you. Why should I trust you?"
"Because I've done everything I said I was going to!" he said. "You, on the other hand, have constantly been defying everything I say!"
"Is there something wrong with those plants?" said Alice.
Rapunzel rolled her eyes, turning her glare on Alice. Why did she keep having to bring up the most useless things?
"It feels like they're looking at me." Alice shrunk a little under Rapunzel's glare.
"You're delusional," Rapunzel snapped, but she took a closer look at the plants. They didn't have eyes, but somehow, it almost did feel as if they were looking at them.
"We have to—" started Whit.
"Ow!" said Rapunzel. "The plant bit me!"
Wait. The plant bit her.
"Mm, delicious," came a chorus of tinny voices, ringing in her ear. "So delicious...Give us more!"
Rapunzel screamed as the plants rose out of the ground, pulling their roots along with them, spraying dirt everywhere. They chomped their teeth hungrily.
"Run!" Vanessa screamed.
Rapunzel didn't need to be told twice.
She ran.


Part 22

VANESSA
Vanessa glanced behind her as she ran. She was running much faster than the others, far ahead of the plants. The plants looked almost comical, the way they were running, bringing their 'feet'—their roots—up high, like they were marching. It might have been funny if they didn't look like they wanted to eat them.
"So hungry!" the plants shrieked. "Feed us! Give us food! So delicious!"
Rapunzel was fumbling with Vanessa's satchel, and she drew out the lantern Vanessa had put back in. Vanessa paused, the others screeching to a halt behind her as they watched Rapunzel launch the lantern as hard as she could into the throng of plants. The lantern smashed onto the ground, spraying glass and oil everywhere. They instinctively brought up their arms to shield themselves from the shards.
Whit hastily pulled his matches from his pocket, lit one, and tossed it towards the rapidly spreading pool of oil. The flames burst up instantly.
"Come on," he said, tugging on Alice and Vanessa's sleeves. They all turned and hurried down the path, Vanessa glancing over her shoulder at the flames licking high, the smoke a cloud between them and the plants.
As the fire raged, Vanessa realized Whit might not have made a good decision, because the fire would soon spread through the forest and might consume them too. Whit seemed to realize the same thing, and he glanced back at the fire with wide eyes, the color rushing from his already pale face.
And then the fire began to diminish, slowly disappearing until it was all but gone. As the smoke began to clear, Vanessa could see the plants rising from the ashes like phoenixes. They began to eat the remaining glass and metal of the lantern, and when they could find no more, they screamed, "More!"
Had they...had they eaten the fire?
Vanessa saw her expression of horror mirrored on the other's faces.
These plants would eat anything.
The plants continued to chase them, and they continued to run. Vanessa's breaths were short and gasping. There was a stitch in her side and her legs felt like they might give out beneath her. But she had to run.
There were twists and turns and forks in the path, but they just kept running. Vanessa, ahead of the others, chose the way, barely even realizing where she was going. She only hoped it led them somewhere safe.
Rapunzel was struggling—not just because she wasn't very good at running, but because Vanessa's satchel was smacking against her side as she moved.
The plants would eat anything. Suddenly, Vanessa had an idea. "Rapunzel!" she gasped between breaths. "They're hungry—give them an apple!"
"Are you crazy?" Rapunzel demanded, panting, though she somehow seemed to sound ladylike and not like a slobbering dog. "I'm not giving them an apple! These are mine!"
"Give them an apple!" Whit echoed. "There's more than one!"
"No!" Rapunzel said stubbornly. She was going to get them all eaten—again!
Vanessa saw that a plant had caught up to Alice and was tugging on her shoe. Alice nearly tripped as the thin gold buckle on her shoe burst open, her shoe flying off her foot. She stumbled forward, glancing back.
The plant had Alice's shoe in its mouth, and they watched in horror as the other plants jumped on top of it, all wrestling for a taste of the polished leather. The plant with the shoe refused to let go, and the other plants began to tear it apart in hunger.
They finished the shoe—and the plant—quickly.
But their hunger was far from satisfied.
"More!" Their voices sounded like the rumbling of thunder. "Famished! Food!"
They began to rush towards them again. Alice slipped off her other shoe and threw it at them as hard as she could. It landed a ways behind the horde of plants, and only half of them seemed to notice. The other half continued to advance.
"Give them an apple!" Vanessa screamed to Rapunzel, wanting to slap some sense into her. "It's poisonous, it'll get rid of them!"
Rapunzel bit her lip, shut her eyes for a brief moment, and opened them again. "Fine!" she said. She turned and slipped one of the apples out of the satchel, hurling it towards the plants as she screamed, "Die, you stupid things!"
The plants froze.
They stared at the apple. Unlike what the plants had done with the lantern and Alice's shoes, they crept towards the apple slowly, surrounding it curiously, suspiciously.
Were they not going to eat it?
Vanessa figured it was mostly curiosity that kept the four of them there. They could have run, they should have run, but they didn't.
One brave plant stepped towards the apple, and, bending down, took a bite.
There was a moment of silence as the other plants watched it chew thoughtfully. Vanessa saw the other plants fidgeting, but they held back their greed, fighting the temptation.
"So delicious!" the plant declared, finally, and that seemed to rouse the other plants. They all jumped feverishly towards the apple, fighting for a bite.
Then, the first plant that had taken a bite promptly collapsed to the ground, dead.
Vanessa watched as the other plants slowly met the same, inevitable fate as the first.
Soon, all that was left was the wilted corpses and the core of the poisonous apple, which sparkled with flecks of gold.
Vanessa felt sick to her stomach. She'd done that. She'd come up with the idea to kill the plants. Yeah, they'd been about to eat them, but she'd as good as killed them.
Rapunzel huffed, annoyed. "You make me use one of my poisonous apples," she said. "You should've just sacrificed all your shoes like Alice and I could have run away while they were distracted."
"Our shoes?" said Vanessa. "What about yours? And, besides, that would just make them want more." She was about to add that Rapunzel wasn't a very fast runner anyway when Whit spoke.
"All right," he snapped, arms crossed, glaring at them. "Our course, our plan, has all gone to shit. Sorry," he said, glancing at Alice, who just shrugged. "We're off the path now. I'm not entirely sure how to get back."
"So we're lost!" Rapunzel said. "Great! Thanks, Mister Only-I-Know-The-Way-Around-Here-You-All-Have-To-Follow-Me!"
"Says the one who got us off the path in the first place!" Vanessa said.
"I think we'll just have to follow this path," Whit said. "And hope it gets us to somewhere I can recognize."
Vanessa sighed. "Sorry I led us off on this maze of a path."
"You were the one who woke up the plants, too," said Rapunzel.
"Well, you fell into them."
"You pushed me into them."
Vanessa glared. Then she sighed again. "Fine. Sorry. But give me back my satchel now."
Rapunzel narrowed her eyes at her, but slowly took off the satchel and handed it back to Vanessa.
"All right." Whit sighed, glancing up at the sky. "It's getting dark already. We'll have to find somewhere to spend the night." He turned to Rapunzel. "Stop running off and doing stupid things, all right? Stick with us. Promise."
Rapunzel rolled her eyes. "I promise I'll stay with you guys. So bossy," she muttered under her breath.
That girl had zero self-awareness.
"Hey," said Alice. "What's that?"
They all looked in the direction she was pointing. There, in the distance, was a house.
"Is that your house?" said Alice.
Whit frowned, shaking his head. "No."
"So you're not the only person who lives here?" said Rapunzel.
"I never said I was."
"Maybe there's someone in there who can help us," Vanessa said. "Let's check it out."


Part 23

ALICE
Vanessa knocked loudly on the door of the house. It was small and simple, made of red-brown bricks. Alice thought it looked like a mix between sweet and innocent, and eerie and suspicious.
There was no reply, and they all stared at the door.
"Maybe no one's home," Alice said.
"Move," Rapunzel said, shoving Vanessa roughly out of the way, earning her a glare. She banged on the door and called, "Hey? Anyone home?"
There was more silence.
"Maybe we should—" Whit began hesitantly.
Then, a raspy voice drawled, "Well, come in."
Rapunzel shrugged, pushing the door open and entering the house. The others followed.
Whit closed the door behind them, and Alice looked around. The house was small and cozy, a crackling fire that glowed blue warming the room. A rocking chair creaked in the corner, and animal heads hung from the walls, making Alice uneasy. She looked away from the blank eyes boring into her and stared at the fire instead. There was no one else in the room.
"Can I help you with anything?"
An old woman entered the room. Her mottled skin was a pale gray, with spots that looked like bruises. Long white hair hung down her shoulders, though it looked greasy and coarse, like bleached straw. Although her appearance was old, her eyes were bright and youthful. She smiled, exposing rotting black and yellowed teeth.
Rapunzel made a gagging noise. They all gave her a startled look, but she was covering her face with her hands.
"Um, we were just wondering if maybe—sorry if we're bothering you," Vanessa said, stumbling over her words.
"We need to go," Rapunzel said in a stage whisper, half turning. "She's hideous, I can't stay here!"
Their mouths dropped open. Alice tentatively glanced at the old woman, but her smile was still frozen on her face.
"Um, we're looking for a place to stay for the night?" Alice said, as politely as possible, trying not to think about how Rapunzel had so blatantly insulted the woman standing right in front of them. "Could you possibly help us?"
The woman, still smiling, moved to ease into the rocking chair, rocking gently back and forth. She looked at them with a calm expression. They looked back at her, waiting. Rapunzel had lowered her hands, but she was still grimacing openly.
Alice was about to ask if she wanted them to leave when the woman said, "Sit."
They blinked at her. Alice was startled by the sudden command.
"Sit," the woman said again, gesturing at the floor.
They sat.
"Of course I'll help you wonderful little children," the woman said. "I have many spare beds, but before you go to bed you must have a bedtime story."
"A bedtime story?" Rapunzel snorted. "What, am I two? Who needs bedtime stories?"
"The old woman looked at her calmly. "If you will not listen, I will not let you stay."
"Then I don't even need—"
"Be quiet," Vanessa snapped, slapping Rapunzel's arm. Rapunzel gave an indignant gasp and glared back at her, but she was silent.
"Thank you," the woman said. "My name is Agatha. At least, that's the name I've given myself. I have not had visitors for the longest time. The longest time—you have no idea. It's been even longer since I've had children come and listen to my bedtime story."
Alice was feeling more uneasy by the minute. She almost felt like getting up and leaving, but they'd asked to be there, and she didn't want to be rude.
"Once upon a time," said Agatha, her rasping voice soft, "there was a princess, of a kingdom you could envision in your dreams." The fire almost seemed to lessen as the story began, dimming the room. The orange glow from the flames lit only half of Agatha's face.
"The princess was the most beautiful one there had ever been. More beautiful than all her sisters, more beautiful than all those all the kingdoms."
It sounded like something Rapunzel would say, if she even had sisters. But Rapunzel would have said it arrogant and factual. Not Agatha, whose voice seemed to take on an Otherworldly quality as she spun the story.
"The princess was loved as a child, doted on by her parents and her sisters. She was not only the fairest but also the happiest in all the land. As she grew, her beauty and happiness only grew as well. She met a handsome prince, whose beauty matched hers, and their happiness doubled—tripled when they had a child, an infant girl who inherited all the beauty and charm of her parents."
"This could be my life story," said Rapunzel.
"Shut up," said Vanessa.
Agatha continued without missing a beat. "The girl was the perfect image of her mother. The days of her childhood were the happiest days the kingdom had ever known. The princess loved her daughter like the sun loved the moon. It seemed nothing could ever mar their beauty and happiness."
Alice felt her eyelids growing heavy. She hadn't had a bedtime story in so long; she'd outgrown that years ago. But perhaps there was some part of her that missed this, a soft, motherly voice that guided her to sleep.
"But one day," said Agatha, voice light, "the kingdom was attacked. Their allies, whom they'd thought they could trust, betrayed them. The princess's whole family was slaughtered. Mercilessly. Right in front of her eyes. Her mother, father, sisters, husband. Even her daughter, the light of her life. The princess was spared, but only for her looks. They had their fun with her, then exiled her from the kingdom. They left her with only the clothes on her back, with nowhere to go, no one to take her in.
"Alone, she had to live in the forest, living off plants and animal carcasses she found discarded on the ground. She drank dirty water from a lake. It was from sheer luck, and a little bit of fate, that she found a small cottage. It was empty when she arrived. There was nothing, save for a table, a delicious feast set upon it."
A prickly feeling had crept under Alice's skin. Her eyelids were threatening to close, but her mind was wide awake, and she forced her eyes to open, to stare up at Agatha.
"So delicious the feast appeared," Agatha continued, "the princess ate with no shame. But the food...changed her. Cursed her. No longer was she the beautiful princess recognized as the fairest of them all. For eating from the table, she was cursed to be a hideous old hag. But there was a solution. A temporary one, but a solution to the curse.
"The princess needed to be youthful again. And the best way to be youthful was to get it straight from the source. She tried many remedies, anything she could find. But, finally, she gave up hope. She lay in the cottage and waited. She waited in her hideous form, for Lord knows how long. Until along came a pair of young children. Lost. Scared, afraid. And do you know what the princess did with them?"
Agatha was smiling again, a smile that chilled Alice. No, she thought. No. She had to get up. She had to leave. But she couldn't.
"No," Vanessa whispered.
Agatha leaned forward, a smile stretching wide across her face.
"She ate them," she said. "She was youthful again. But the effects wore off. And now, the princess has been waiting years for more children. Oh, there will be a feast!"
No. No. She had to stand. She had to run. She had to—
But Alice could not. Her body felt so heavy. She was so...tired.
Agatha sat back in her chair. It creaked slightly as she rocked back and forth, the fire crackling behind her. As Alice drifted off, darkness swallowing her, she heard a soft voice whisper, "Good night, my children."


Part 24

ROME
Rome shoved his way through the endless crowd, trying to drown out the incessant noise of chattering and laughing by keeping his eyes dead set on what was in front of him. He had his wings tucked tight to his body, but it seemed like people kept going out of their way to bump into them. He glared at whoever dared touch him.
He shouldn't even have been surprised to see the manor all decked out in gold and glitter. What more could he expect from the twins?
Rome didn't bother to look for Thomas. He was much less considerate and much less pleasant to be around. Wherever Theresa was, Thomas was bound to be near, anyway.
And there she was, lounging with her girls in a large, elaborate chair that fit three of them. Two more were draped across the arms, and still more sat on the floor, legs stretched out and tangled amongst skirts.
"Look who's come to join the party!" Theresa called, holding up a hand in greeting. All nearby faces turned to peer up at him in curiosity. "You're appropriately dressed."
It was sarcasm, of course. Rome wore his work clothes, but he'd covered them with a large gray coat that he couldn't remember ever purchasing or receiving, which meant Ambrose had probably put it in his closet for him. He hadn't even bothered to comb his hair, but it wasn't as if there was much to do with it.
"Annie, mind fetching Thomas? This is a delightful reunion," Theresa said to the woman sitting to her left, who obliged, getting up to do so. Theresa waved at the now-vacant spot on the arm of the chair. "Have a seat."
Rome regarded it suspiciously but sat.
"Enjoying yourself?" Theresa slipped a half-filled glass out of the hand of the woman sitting on her other side and lifted it to drink.
"I'm not here to enjoy myself," said Rome. "I also don't know if it's possible with so many people in one room."
"What did you expect?" Theresa said, sipping carefully. "You should liven up. Might as well have some fun at it while you're here."
Rome narrowed his eyes at her. "I don't think we have the same idea of 'fun.'"
"I'm just saying. You need to get out more. Or stay in if you want, but at least tell me where you're staying so I can come to visit you."
"Why in all the worlds would you want to come to visit me?" Rome frowned, genuinely taken aback. "Fates above, I wouldn't want you to visit. I'm fine by myself." And with his fire, though he had yet to determine whether or not his fire qualified as an actual companion or not.
She shrugged. "Must get lonely. I'm just saying, there are plenty of people willing to look past all of...this." She gestured vaguely at him.
Rome narrowed his eyes again. "There is nothing about me that needs to be 'looked past.' I'm not interested, so please stop trying to set me up with people."
"Just trying to be a good sister," Theresa said lightly, drinking from her glass again.
"You can start by telling me what you know about Austin Pleasance," said Rome. As in, the information he had actually come for.
"Austin Pleasance, hm?" she said, lifting an eyebrow. "What about him? I like him."
"He studies here?"
"Yeah," she said. "Thomas knows him better—Oh, look who finally decided to rejoin us."
"Who, me or him?" said Thomas, approaching. He made to hug Rome, but Rome just gave him an annoyed look, and he halted his advances. "Rome, you don't look very happy to see me! How disappointing."
"Greet him like that, you're sure to be disappointed," said Theresa.
"So what are you doing here?" Thomas asked, squeezing into the little space between Theresa and Rome. "I thought you hated parties. And people."
"Nothing's changed," Rome said.
"He wants to know about Austin Pleasance," said Theresa.
"Why? Are you interested?" said Thomas.
"I don't even know him."
"Then we can acquaint you with him," Thomas said. "Why don't you ask Ambrose if you want to know about him, though? Those two are like this." He clasped his hands together tightly.
"I know," said Rome, even though he hadn't really. He wasn't in charge of policing his brother's friends.
"And you don't have to show up to a party to catch Ambrose," Thomas went on, tucking his brown curls behind one pointed ear. "Hey, doesn't he know where you live? How come he gets to know your address but not me?"
"Or me?" added Theresa.
"Because you two would end up telling anyone who asked and didn't," said Rome.
"Oh, come on!" Thomas said. "We know how to keep a secret."
"Yes," Rome said, leaning in. "That's why you're going to keep it a secret from Ambrose that I'm asking around about Austin Pleasance."
Thomas and Theresa both raised an eyebrow. It used to scare Rome how they were so synchronized at times. "Now I'm intrigued, little brother," said Thomas. "Tell me, what do you want?"
"I want to know..." Rome had a lot of things he wanted to know. Mainly Pleasance's exact schedule and routine every single day, in and out of school. But he doubted Thomas or Theresa knew that. And the college was out of session at the moment, anyway. "Tell me what kind of person he is."
"Thoughtful," said Theresa.
"Boring," said Thomas.
"Why?" Rome said, much more intrigued with Thomas's answer. "Don't you like him? What, does he not indulge in your engagements?"
"Of course he doesn't," said Thomas. "He studies day in, day out, and he never has time for anything else."
"Well, what can you expect?" Theresa said. "He came here for schooling. If he didn't study well, you know people would call him undeserving for being here."
"Why does he school here?" said Rome.
Thomas and Theresa looked at each other, then shrugged. "Never got a straight answer out of him," said Theresa.
"He's got a sister?" Rome said, since they weren't being very helpful.
"Two," Thomas said, nodding. "One's eleven and one's sixteen. I've met the older one. The Pleasances are the most Cerieven family you will ever meet."
Rome didn't even know what that meant. "Does he care about them?"
"Of course he does," said Thomas.
"He visits whenever he can," Theresa put in. "When he's not studying, he's talking about when he can go home. He's going back for his birthday; Mother will be devastated."
Rome rolled his eyes with them. He didn't know how Amoret felt about Austin Pleasance, but he could absolutely imagine her melodramatics at someone favored leaving for even a day. "Does she know him well?"
"She wants to. He's so alive, you know?" said Theresa. "I'd want him, too."
Rome didn't know, but he could imagine. "His birthday?" Rome prompted, since Thomas had mentioned that.
"Yes, it's in two weeks," said Thomas. "So if you want to meet him in Auvyn before that, you'd better be quick. You know, you two might get along. You're both always doing your own thing and you never have time for any fun."
"They're opposites, Thomas, they're nothing alike," said Theresa. "Austin actually likes people's company and he's easy to talk to. He lives up to his family name—he's very pleasant. And you," she looked at Rome, "are..." She waved a hand vaguely, but Rome got the gist of it.
"I don't need to know if we're compatible," said Rome, deeply regretting ever coming. "I just want to know about him. You said he likes people's company. Is he ever alone?"
"He's usually with Ambrose or a crowd," said Thomas. "But he studies alone. He doesn't like to be bothered when he's at school, I guess the same as you when you work. Ava's griped to me about it before."
Their youngest sister griped about everything. Rome filed her away as someone with information on this Austin Pleasance.
"Seriously, want me to introduce you two?" Thomas asked.
Rome was already slipping off his seat. "Oh, no," he said. "I think I'll go visit him myself."
* * *
And he did. Rome found Austin Pleasance in the North Auvish National Library, which was a large and lavish building on the same street as the Cerieven embassy. He was alone, which wasn't necessary, but was an extra bit of luck for Rome.
Rome sat on the library rafters, peering down below as Austin Pleasance weaved in and out of the shelves. He didn't seem to be looking for a particular book, just browsing through and running his fingers along the ancient spines, pulling out a few books here and there to flip through them.
"Oh," Pleasance breathed, his soft voice loud in the empty library. Rome started a little at the noise. Pleasance talked to himself, it seemed. "This is the original Auvish text..."
Rome couldn't remember if he'd heard Austin Pleasance's voice before. Whether he had or not, this was like hearing it for the first time. It had a very typical Cerieven quality—breathy, soft, with that prim, lilting accent that was easily recognizable. It was a bit more pronounced than the accents he heard in Cerieven commoners, so it was easy to tell that Pleasance was highborn.
He could almost understand what Thomas meant with the Pleasances being the "most Cerieven" family. He didn't know what the rest of Austin's family looked like, but he certainly looked like the most typical Cerieven man, with golden curls and pale, pinkish skin that peeked out from his collar at the back of his neck.
It was difficult to gauge more on Austin Pleasance when Rome was sitting all the way up near the roof. After watching in silence for a while more, Rome left the rafters and drifted down to the same floor as Austin, sitting in the shadows and watching him from closer. He kept having to move as Austin did, going from one shelf to the next.
From closer, Rome could tell that Pleasance had blue eyes beneath his pale lashes. Not like Ambrose's, which were almost green. A bright, pure blue. He had a round face, and he looked somewhat familiar. Perhaps Rome had met him before.
Still speaking to himself, Pleasance read aloud a line from a book he was flipping through. It was in Auvish, Royal Auvish, it seemed. He spoke with hardly an accent. Rome was almost surprised by it. It was like hearing an intelligent baby speak for the first time. He'd expected a heavy Cerieven accent, but there was just a slight hint of it in the vowels.
The card sat tucked in Rome's pocket against his chest, Austin Pleasance's name right next to his heart. Rome still hadn't replied with a yes or no. The biggest reason to say no was that Pleasance was Ambrose's friend. But he would still die eventually; Rome's contractor would just find someone else to do the job.
Rome wondered what he would do if he said yes. He wondered how he might kill Austin Pleasance as he followed him like a shadow to the next aisle.  His contractor wouldn't bother to specify a way for Pleasance to die—they always left that up to Rome. After all, the planning was half the fun.
Perhaps Rome might slice him open, as he'd done to that Aensen lieutenant, whose name he couldn't even remember anymore. But something about the thought of this particular young man laying out bleeding on the ground didn't seem quite right, so he tried again.
Perhaps Rome might poison him. He had plenty of deadly concoctions bottled up, lying waiting in his cabinets back home. Cyanide, of course, was his favorite. But that too was a messy death—well, all deaths were quite messy, especially afterwards. And it did not seem right for Austin Pleasance either.
Perhaps Rome might strangle him. He had not strangled someone in quite some time. He kind of missed the way they thrashed under his hands; and his hands, they held in them death as they squeezed out the final breaths of life.
A noise made Rome start. Footsteps. He glanced over at Austin Pleasance, but he had not moved from where he was standing, chewing at the nail of his thumb as he flipped through a thick book in hand.
Rome glanced around in the shadows. He could sense that there was someone else in there, someone besides him. Keeping one eye on Austin Pleasance, he moved from his little corner, peering through the shelves to catch any other signs of movement.
Pleasance closed the book in hand and started to put it back on the shelf. As Rome watched, a shadow appeared behind the shelf, a dark figure through the space in the shelf.
Pleasance seemed to pay it no mind, sliding the book back into the shelf and neatly lining it up so its spine sat level with the other books. Rome watched the figure turn into a solidly defined person in all black, and he was on them before he even caught the flash of silver.
The knife clattered to the floor, quite loudly, accompanied with the slight thud of the person as they fell beside it, Rome sitting as heavily as he could on their chest and clamping a hand over their mouth.
"Um," said Austin Pleasance behind the shelf.
"Whoops," Rome said, affecting a Cerieven accent because it was the one on mind. "Dropped my watch. Goodness, it's late, isn't it?"
"Oh," muttered Pleasance. "It is rather late..."
Rome picked up the knife with his free hand, turning it round to admire it even as the man beneath him gnawed at his other hand.
It was a very pretty knife. Nicely decorated, with little engravings on the polished blade. Rich.
Rome looked down at the man under him. He was not very old, and he was human, or at least partly. He was a very ordinary-looking man, with a face that one could easily forget. Rome considered sliding this pretty little knife into this ordinary man but decided that the knife did not deserve such cruelty, so he slid it into his own belt.
Austin Pleasance's footsteps began to recede. Rome considered the man, looking up at him with wide eyes and trying, quite unsuccessfully, to shove him off.
No. Rome wouldn't strangle Austin Pleasance to death.
But he would this man.
And by the time the man was dead, Austin Pleasance was gone from the library.


Part 25

RAPUNZEL
"Have some soup, dear," said Agatha, sliding a tiny bowl through the uneven bars that contained Rapunzel in the little cell. Rapunzel shuddered at the sight of Agatha's hideously bony fingers, but it was better at looking at her face—if you could even call what Agatha had a face.
Rapunzel pulled the bowl towards her, peering at the food inside. It didn't look any better than what Agatha had served them before. It looked like white mush and was disgustingly chunky. But at least it was warm, and when Rapunzel had tried before to get something more deserving of her, Agatha had nearly chopped her thumb off, so she'd learned her lesson. Though maybe it wouldn't hurt to try again.
Rapunzel had woken up locked in this cage. It was too small for her, and she had to sit crouched with her knees drawn up to her chest. Same for the others, who sat in similar cages near her. These things were apparently glued to the floor. Whit had tried knocking his over and failed. Vanessa had tried to saw hers open, but Agatha had caught her, transferred her to another cell, and took away her satchel. And Alice hadn't done anything useful and just noted that it looked like their cages were made of bone, which made Rapunzel want to throw up. She didn't want to imagine the sacks of skin and meat that had once surrounded these bones.
She couldn't exactly remember how long they'd been in here. Long enough for Rapunzel to be entirely fed up. They should have left when she'd told them to. No one had listened and now look. She was stuck here when she should have been home, Snow already dead and gone. Her prince all to herself.
"Why aren't you eating?" Agatha demanded, hands on her hips once she'd finished serving each of them.
Rapunzel stirred her spoon through the thick mush in her bowl. "It looks disgusting," she said, not even trying to hide her distaste. Agatha deserved to know how much Rapunzel hated this. To think Rapunzel had been starting to like the story Agatha had told them.
"You ate everything else before," Agatha said. Which was, unfortunately, true, and worse because it didn't taste that bad. Rapunzel would still rather eat whatever weird concoctions Andrina made than this, though.
"We've been in here for days," Whit said. "I thought you wanted to eat us."
Oh, right. That, too.
"I'm trying to fatten you up!" Agatha snapped. "How am I supposed to have a good meal with this? You're all so skinny. Especially you." She glared at Alice. "Even a half-starved chicken is fatter than you!" 
"I'm just small!" Alice protested, hilariously. Like that was a good defense.
"You can't possibly hope to fatten us up with this." Whit held up his bowl. "We've probably gotten even skinnier than we were before you trapped us."
Agatha glared. Then she took her hands off her hips. "Fine!" she said. "I'll just eat you right now." She started towards Whit's cage.
"Wait—"
"I've waited long enough," Agatha said, "and I can't stand to hear your yapping anymore." She unlocked his cage and yanked him out, then said, "Go sit down at the table." Stiffly, and with an outraged look on his face, Whit did as he was told.
Agatha let out Alice next, then Vanessa, and finally, she went to Rapunzel.
"Uh, I'll just stay here," Rapunzel said.
Agatha unlocked her cage. "Come on, now." She reached in and clamped her disgusting hand around Rapunzel's arm. Horrified, Rapunzel tried to swat her off, but she didn't want to touch Agatha any more than she had to.
"Maybe you can eat the others and not me," Rapunzel said, glancing at where they all sat at the table, glaring at her.
Agatha laughed and shook her head. "Shut your mouths, now," she said pleasantly. "No more whining."
Rapunzel felt her mouth clamp tightly shut. She tried to open it, but it felt like someone had glued her lips together. She found herself walking to the table, against her will, and sat next to Vanessa, who glared at her. Rapunzel glared back. This was definitely not her will—she would never sit willingly next to Vanessa.
Agatha swept into the nearby kitchen. "Knives, chop the carrots and celery. We need to stay healthy," she said, rattling off things like she was reading a shopping list. "Pot, get some water. Stove, boil that water."
Rapunzel watched as the knives, pot, and stove set to work. It was kind of fascinating, in a horrific sort of way. The knives flew through the air to land on a cutting board, where carrots and celery were already present. The knives chopped the vegetables forcefully, not bothering to be gentle. The cutting board shook with each sharp thwack.
A big metal pot flew over to the sink, which turned itself on to let water flow into the pot. When it was full, the pot went back to the stove, which lit itself. The lid settled onto the pot to let the water boil.
"You first," Agatha said to Rapunzel. "You're gorgeous."
"I know," Rapunzel said, almost automatically as her lips seemed to magically work again. "Wait—" Her face grew terrified as Agatha pulled Rapunzel up to her feet, toward the kitchen counter.
"No more!" said Agatha. "Soon you'll be a sweet treat for me! Say goodbye!"
"You can't eat me!" Rapunzel said. This was all going wrong. "I need to poison this girl! I can't die now!" Rapunzel gestured to Vanessa's satchel, hanging across the room, where her poisonous apples rested. "I'm too young to die! And too pretty!" There was absolutely no way someone as beautiful as her could die at the hands of someone so hideous.
Agatha just laughed. "Not today," she said sweetly. "You're just going to become a nice little meal."
She led Rapunzel over to the clean counter, where a thick wooden board and a huge meat cleaver sat. Rapunzel gulped at the sight of the large, sharp blade. "What are you going to do?" she said, forcing herself to look up into Agatha's hideous face.
"I'm going to cut you up," Agatha said. "Otherwise, how will you fit into the pot? I think you'd make a nice, aromatic strew. Then I could use up every little bit of you, even your bones. I could mush your brains into some sweet pudding."
Rapunzel stared at her in horror. What? Stupid Snow White. Stupid Ruben. Stupid Oskar. Stupid Whit and Vanessa and Alice. If she made it out of this, she was going to make sure to give everyone involved a proper punishment.
"Let's cut off your arm," Agatha said calmly, as if she weren't talking about butchering Rapunzel right then and there.
"Wait!" Rapunzel cried. "You can't do this! I'm too important to die!"
"Well, we all learn our true importance at the end," Agatha said calmly. "Please, keep screaming. I love listening to the cries of my victims as they take their final breaths."
Well, this woman was definitely disturbed.
Rapunzel tried to resist, but she couldn't move. Agatha laid her arm down on the cold wooden board and pushed up Rapunzel's loose sleeve.
Then she froze.
Agatha stared down at Rapunzel's arm, the blood draining from her face. Rapunzel didn't know what she was looking at, and she squirmed, trying to twist her arm out of the woman's grip.
Agatha lowered the cleaver, much to Rapunzel's relief. She slowly looked up at Rapunzel. "R-R-Rose?" she said, her voice full of awe as if she'd just discovered treasure. This was to be expected of everyone who met Rapunzel, but just a second ago Agatha had been ready to kill her.
Rapunzel blinked. "What rose? I'm Rapunzel."
"R-Rose! Rapunzel? Rapunzel! Rapunzel, it's me!" said Agatha. Rapunzel was surprised to see her blinking away tears.
"I have no idea who you are," Rapunzel said, staring at her. Was this woman insane?
She glanced over at the others, but they looked as much in the dark as she was. Alice gave a tiny shrug.
"Anyhow," said Agatha casually, "I don't want to eat you anymore."
Rapunzel stared, still shocked. "You don't?" Well, of course she didn't. Who would want to kill Rapunzel? But still...
"I'll eat the others," Agatha said. "Not you. Don't you know? I'm your mother."
Rapunzel recoiled, though her arm was still pinned to the board by Agatha's iron grip. No. No way was this possible.
She'd always thought of who her real parents were. Not that it really mattered, but she'd always thought they would be as beautiful as her, though, of course, she would outshine them, as a dutiful daughter. They would be young and kind and give her everything she wanted.
Rapunzel had once imagined how she would meet them. Not that she wanted to meet them, who cared about them anyway? But she'd be out in the woods, where she'd been found, wandering. She would hear a voice say her name, "Rapunzel." She would look up, startled, the voice unknown yet so familiar. And there she would see her parents, who'd left her all alone.
She would see her parents, who'd abandoned her. They would be the most beautiful monsters she would ever see.
Rapunzel had never imagined that her mother would turn out to be an evil, psychopathic old woman who wanted to eat children. There was no way. They didn't even look alike.
"No, you're not," Rapunzel said. Agatha was lying. She had to be.
"Look, I'll show you!" Agatha said, eyes bright. "I have some child's brain I save for extreme emergencies only....You have no idea how tempting it was." She made a piece of grayish, squishy meat materialize in her hand, and popped it into her mouth, to Rapunzel's abject horror.
As Agatha chewed, she began to change form.
Her thin, silver hair turned brown and voluminous, with dark waves. The wrinkles disappeared from her skin, lifting up her face so that it was smooth and youthful. Her chalked lips grew wet, full, filled with pale pink.
Rapunzel had looked in the mirror enough times to recognize herself. Agatha looked almost exactly like her, only older. Two pairs of identical brown eyes stared at each other.
Agatha looked down at the birthmark on Rapunzel's arm—so that's what she'd been staring at—and traced it with a long finger. She released Rapunzel's arm and pushed back her own sleeve to reveal a birthmark on her wrist. The same birthmark Rapunzel bore on her arm.
Rapunzel's voice shook ever so slightly. "That's not enough," she said, her voice barely a whisper. "Just because we look the same—so what? A lot of people have doppelgängers. Give me anything else."
Anything. Anything else.
This woman could not be her mother. Looking at Agatha, Rapunzel could not recall a thing. No memories flooded into her head. The word "mother" brought no recollection of her, anywhere, in Rapunzel's mind.
"Rapunzel—"
"You're just a witch," Rapunzel said, shaking her head, trying to shake the doubt that crept into her voice. "You're not my mother. You're just trying to make me think so. So you can eat me."
"How could I be anything else?" Agatha said. "I'm your mother. I've always been. I've been waiting for you for a long time—I've been looking for you! I thought you were dead! Where have you been?"
"What...are you?" Rapunzel said, backing away from her. "Who even are you? You were banished there, which means you're evil. You're a witch. You're probably some murdering, cannibalistic sociopath and you're just trying to manipulate me."
Agatha looked at her sadly. "My Rose—"
"Don't call me that," Rapunzel said sharply, still backing away. She hit the edge of the table and gripped it tightly. "My name is Rapunzel." That was the name Andrina had given her. That was her name. "You are not my mother." It was as if, if she said it enough times, it would be true.
"Rapunzel..." Agatha said. Rapunzel tightened her grip on the edge of the table. "I'm sorry I don't remember anything. I truly have no idea how I got here. I only remember showing up in a forest. All alone..."
"Stop it," Rapunzel said. She glared at the other around the table. "What are you all doing, huh?" she snapped. "All three of you, you were just going to sit there and watch me die?"
Each of them looked at her with blank expressions. They looked like fish. Dumb, not knowing anything. Oblivious idiots.
"Rapunzel."
Rapunzel glanced up to snap at Agatha, but Agatha grabbed Rapunzel's arm and pulled it up, holding it in front of her. Then, she pressed her fingernail deep into Rapunzel's skin and made a long cut down her arm.
"What are you doing?" Rapunzel said, staring at her in shock. Blood began to well at the cut. She was more in shock than pain, though. Then she felt angry. "How dare you do that to me? Who do you think you are, huh? Would you hurt your own daughter?"
"So you do admit it?" said Agatha.
"No," Rapunzel said, still fuming. Her blood felt hot as it ran down her arm. "No. But if you were my mother, would you do that to me?"
"Yes," Agatha said. "To make you believe." She let go of Rapunzel and cut her own arm.
Rapunzel glanced at the others. They were trying to look without moving their necks, for some reason. They looked like they were having strokes, like their eyes would pop out of their sockets.
The cut on Rapunzel's arm was beginning to sting. Agatha wiped the blood off her own arm and smeared it against Rapunzel's. Rapunzel recoiled again. "Ew!"
Agatha picked up a towel and began to wipe the blood off Rapunzel's arm. Rapunzel grimaced, awaiting the horror of the open cut, but was startled to see that the blood had clotted already, and her skin was slowly patching itself together, leaving it as smooth as it had been before.
"Uh, what?" said Rapunzel. Was she invincible or something?
"It's blood magic." Agatha grinned. "We share the same blood. Royal blood."
Wait, royal? "I'm a princess?" Rapunzel said.
Agatha nodded enthusiastically. "The princess of Ailthe!"
Vanessa's eyes nearly exploded. Rapunzel smirked. "That makes sense," she said. "I always knew I was important and beautiful enough to be a princess. I guess that does make me your daughter." It was less horrifying now that Rapunzel knew who she really was. It didn't matter who her mother was because all that mattered was Rapunzel.
And she was a princess.
Agatha was smiling widely. "Yes, you are my daughter," she said. "Together, we can reclaim the throne and—"
"Um, this kingdom is ruined."
"We will rebuild it!" Agatha said, sounding excited but also deranged. "We can rule and stay young forever. We'll eat those wastes of space and while we feast you can tell me all about how you made it out alive."
Rapunzel wondered if she should tell Agatha she didn't remember anything either, but oh well. "That's gross," Rapunzel said. "I mean, I'm cool with everything else, only before we rule we need to go back to Eilyste so I can get my prince, and I really don't want to eat people. There should be other ways to stay young forever, right?"
"Oh, but human meat is so delicious!" Agatha said. "Let's eat your friends now. With one bite you'll see what you've been missing." She started towards the table. "Let's take this girl, she looks like she'll be delicious." She pointed to Vanessa, who was still stuck sitting at the table, eyes wide. She really was dumb as a rock.
"Actually, she's not really my friend," Rapunzel said, "but I think—"
"You don't like her?"
"No, I hate her, but—"
"Good. So we'll—"
"I don't want to eat her."
"Come on, now, I can't have you on an empty stomach." Agatha's voice started to dip dangerously.
"There are literally fresh apples in the satchel over there."
"Rapunzel, I am your mother, and I know what's best for you. If I say you have to eat her, then you have to eat her."
"But I'm not a cannibal like you," Rapunzel said. "I don't need to look youthful, I already do—"
"Well, I say you have to eat her, so you do!" Agatha snapped. Rapunzel was startled at her tone. Agatha didn't look so much like a sweet, beautiful woman anymore. Now she looked like the cannibal she was. The monster she was. Was she really Rapunzel's mother?
Rapunzel continued to stare until Agatha realized what her face was doing and looked away. "So, how long do the effects last?" Rapunzel asked uncomfortably.
"What?"
"The child's organs or meat or whatever," she said. "How long do you stay, like, young? And pretty?"
"Oh," Agatha said. "A day or two. It depends. Come, let's eat her."
"I'll eat anything else. Like chicken or something. Maybe a salad."
"Just sit down at the table, make yourself comfortable while I prepare the courses," Agatha said delightedly. "The rest of you, get out!" Dragging them by an invisible thread, Agatha made Alice, Whit, and Vanessa get up and stand in a line against the wall opposite the kitchen table, shoulder to shoulder.
"Sit, sit, it's time for dinner," Agatha said to Rapunzel, gesturing to the table.
Rapunzel sat at one end. The chairs had velvet cushions and were made of mahogany wood that matched the table. This was so much more comfortable than the floor that she'd been sitting and sleeping on for days.
Agatha clapped her hands, and the empty table was suddenly set. A large, blood-red tablecloth draped itself smoothly across the table. A cloth napkin appeared in Rapunzel's lap, and in front of her, a porcelain plate and gleaming silverware.
"Isn't it lunchtime?" said Rapunzel.
"It's always dinnertime," Agatha said. "Now, come on, girl," she said to Vanessa. "Aren't you glad to have lived such a useless life until now? Now you're finally important. Maybe you'll go down in history as the girl that gave the Great Queen Agatha and Princess Rapunzel great beauty." She grabbed on to Vanessa's arm and pulled her towards the counter where she'd taken Rapunzel.
Rapunzel wouldn't mind being rid of Vanessa. Maybe Agatha could help her get rid of Snow. Rapunzel could poison her and then Agatha could eat her to get rid of the evidence.
Vanessa's mouth began to work as Agatha led her to the counter. "Please..." she said. Her eyes darted frantically around the room, landing desperately on Rapunzel.
Rapunzel looked away.


Part 26

VANESSA
Vanessa stared in shock at the back of Rapunzel's head. She'd looked at her for help and Rapunzel had just looked away. She wasn't even frozen to the spot like the others were. She was choosing to let Vanessa die.
Vanessa didn't know what else she'd expected from Rapunzel. To suddenly think of someone other than herself?
Agatha, who looked like Rapunzel if she'd gone insane—and truly she wasn't far off from that already—led Vanessa to the cutting board. Vanessa considered Agatha's hag form her true form, and this beautiful mask was just a disguise, not the other way round. And, like mother, like daughter.
"Wait," Vanessa said, although she didn't know what she wanted to say, what reason to give Agatha not to eat her other than it just being wrong.
"You'll do well in some delicious meat pastries!" said Agatha cheerfully. She pinched Vanessa's skin with cold fingers. "I can make some soft dough with this. And ooh, blood sauce! Healthy, and delicious too! I can taste it already. It'll be absolute perfection!" She continued to gush on and on about food, sounding like a child herself.
It did nothing to settle Vanessa, only making her more anxious. She had this horrible feeling in the pit of her stomach, and she felt as if she might throw up.
Agatha grabbed her arm, shoving up her sleeve and laying it on the board like she'd done to Rapunzel, though Vanessa had no birthmark to save her. Agatha picked up the cleaver.
"Wait—no!" Vanessa cried, the words flying from her mouth. Fear had completely taken over. This woman was going to kill her!
Agatha only smiled, brandishing the knife. She released Vanessa and ran her finger along the sharp edge of the knife, making a small cut and letting the dark blood drop onto the board. Her eyes glittered with the reflection of Vanessa's terrified face.
Vanessa backed away from her, noting a strange tingly feeling in her bones. Fear? Or was it something else? Oh, she hoped she wouldn't throw up.
All of a sudden her knees buckled, and as she fell down onto all fours she felt nauseous, hot, like she was sick. She caught the horrified expressions on Whit's and Alice's faces, but they were unable to do anything.
Vanessa felt like gagging, but she could barely move. it felt like something was ripping her apart from the inside, and it hurt. Oh Fates, it hurt to even breathe.
Agatha looked down at her with a puzzled expression. It was getting hard to see, her vision blurring. Nothing was in focus, and all she could hear was the pounding of her own heart and her heavy, ragged breaths.
And just as suddenly as it had come, the strange feeling disappeared, much to Vanessa's relief.
Agatha blinked at her. Vanessa's vision was still...weird. It was too sharp. Agatha turned to the others, who were still gawking at Vanessa.
"Well," Agatha said. "I didn't know she could do that."
"Do what?" Vanessa asked, but she was horrified to hear instead a rumbling bark come out of her mouth. A...what? What happened? She tried to stand and fell back down.
Agatha laughed. "Seems like you didn't know either." She waved her hand, and a mirror appeared in it mid-motion. She held the mirror in front of Vanessa.
Afraid of what she might see, Vanessa slowly raised her eyes to look into the mirror.
Staring back at her was the face of a wolf.
She was gray. She had fur.
This was wrong.
This wasn't possible.
She was a wolf?
No.
But of course she was. She was staring right at herself. Her eyes couldn't lie. Looking down, she could see two large, furry paws. The sharpness of her eyes, even the quiet breathing of the others seemed amplified. The scent of blood stung her nose.
She had all the evidence.
But...she was human.
No. She wasn't.
Three—no, four—questions instantly came to mind. What? How? Why? And...where did her clothes go?
"She's a wolf?" said Rapunzel, cutting through the still silence.
Vanessa glanced up at her, and Rapunzel recoiled, looking terrified. Vanessa had never terrified anyone. She hated the look on Rapunzel's face.
"I thought you were a human," Rapunzel said, speaking directly to her now.
Vanessa just blinked. She didn't know what else to do. She couldn't say anything; the only thing that would come out of her mouth was a growl or a bark. And she had no idea how to turn back. This had never happened before. Ever. Not even by accident.
So how long had she been a shifter? It just didn't make sense—shifters were creatures of the Otherworld, they'd all come from there. Had she always been this way? Was her entire life a lie, carefully crafted by her parents?
"Well," Agatha sighed, making the mirror disappear. Vanessa was glad; she wouldn't have to keep staring at herself. It didn't even feel like herself. "I suppose I can't eat you until you become human again. Shame. At least we have your friends here."
Vanessa's feet moved her to stand against the wall again, just beside Alice, who looked down at her with blue eyes wide. Agatha looked between Alice and Whit and finally settled on Alice. She grabbed the girl's arm, pulling her towards the cutting board. Alice just stared at her with eyes still wide.
"Come on, girl," Agatha snapped.
"No, I don't want to." Alice tried to wrestle out of Agatha's grip.
Agatha frowned and pulled harder on her arm. Alice dug her heels into the floor. "You will come here!" Agatha said. "Stupid children. Don't make it harder than it has to be! You're all going to die anyway!"
Alice's feet took a step towards the counter. Her entire body was shaking violently, and Vanessa was afraid she might shatter with the effort of trying to resist Agatha's magic. "Let go of me!" Alice said, trying to pry off Agatha's long fingers, but Agatha was a grown woman, and Alice was barely half her size. "You just spent years and years looking for your daughter! You didn't like how she was taken from you, did you? And now you're going to take away someone else's daughter! I would expect you to have some sympathy!"
Agatha's hand flew off Alice's arm, and Alice stumbled back.
"How dare you," Agatha said in a low voice. "As if you know anything. You're barely a child. You know, I'm going to enjoy eating you the most. Go back, then. You'll die last. You get to see me kill all your friends."
"Wait, I—" began Alice, the color that had risen into her cheeks quickly fading, but her mouth snapped shut at Agatha's command. Alice walked stiffly back to the wall beside Whit.
Agatha snapped her fingers, and Whit moved to stand beside the cutting board. He glared down at his feet as if hating how they betrayed him.
"You know, you look familiar," Agatha said conversationally as she laid his arm on the board, picking up the meat cleaver. "Maybe I know you. You might have been one of my servants, back in the day. What's your name?"
Vanessa guessed Agatha's muting spell was working on Whit right now, but he still kept his lips tightly together, disclosing all information.
"Well, fine, be that way," said Agatha. She raised the meat cleaver and brought it down in one fell swoop. From Vanessa's point of view, she couldn't quite see it, and for that she was glad. But the sound of the knife's blade cracking into the smooth, thick wood of the board—
"Ew!" Rapunzel said. "Did you just chop off his hand!" She sat up in her seat to get a better look.
Vanessa looked at Whit. He was staring down at the cutting board with wide eyes, though he didn't look at all in pain. He just looked shocked.
"Hey, wait a minute!" Rapunzel said. "You missed! How is that even possible? His hand is right there!"
Vanessa craned her wolf neck to look. Rapunzel was right. The knife was buried into the cutting board, less than an inch away from Whit's arm.
Agatha made an enraged noise. "How!?" She pulled the knife out of the wood and swung again. At the last second, her hand veered a little off and she missed once more. "You must have a spell on you or something, protecting you. Why is this so hard? The other two children were much easier!"
Agatha let out a dramatic sigh and released Whit, pressing her hand to her forehead. "Just...go, go," she said, sweeping her other hand in a dismissive motion. Whit obliged cheerfully.
"Hey, if you can control people like that, can I do it too?" said Rapunzel. Vanessa couldn't believe that was what she was thinking about. They should have never brought her along.
Agatha dropped her hand and looked up at her. "You will have to learn." She glared at the three lined up against the wall. "I guess I'll have to find a way to get rid of the protection on you," she said to Whit. She turned to Rapunzel. "I think we'll just get this dog over with. I gave her a chance to change and she didn't. I'm sick of this. It'll be an appetizer to get you used to eating meat."
"Wait, I can eat meat, just not human meat," said Rapunzel.
"Is there a difference?" Agatha said. "This is wolf meat, though. I've never tried it before. We can carve her like a chicken, or a turkey. Though maybe she's closer to a pig. Or even a tiny cow. Anyway, we can eat her raw, in little pieces. She'll probably go well with some radish."
She sat down at the table, across from Rapunzel, and clapped her hands. Instantly, a large platter, knife, and fork appeared in front of Agatha, along with a large white towel. What was that for? A horrific thought came to mind—for any spilled blood?
"We can live here forever, as immortals!" Agatha said to Rapunzel. "We'll be forever young like this. Then you don't have to grow up and be all weak and ugly. Wouldn't you like that?"
"Uh, sure," said Rapunzel. She pointed across the room to Vanessa's satchel. "But I kind of need to poison—"
"No need!" Agatha said. "You can do that some other time. It's time to eat!" She clapped her hands again, and Vanessa was forced to shuffle over to the table. She glared down at her paws. Her paws. She didn't think she'd ever get used to the idea.
"Faster, my daughter is getting hungry here!" Agatha snapped, and Vanessa began to move twice as fast. "When she reached the table, Agatha reached down and picked her up easily, as if she weighed little more than a feather. She set Vanessa down on the cold platter. It was uncomfortable, but it wasn't as if she could move.
"You need a haircut," Agatha muttered, mostly to herself. "I can't have my daughter choking on dog hairs!" Out of the corner of her eyes, Vanessa saw Agatha lift the towel to reveal a pair of long, sharp scissors tucked inside. "Don't watch, Rapunzel dear! It could get messy!"
Vanessa shut her own eyes, the only part of her she could control. Rapunzel said nothing. She was just going to let Vanessa die. Vanessa was going to die today.
And she didn't even know what had happened to her grandmother. Her parents would never know what had become of her. Her best friends would never know. She was a wolf, of all things, and she was about to be slaughtered and eaten by Rapunzel's mother.
This couldn't be real.
Vanessa felt the cold blades of the scissors press up against her fur, her skin, and they began to snip—
There was a loud cry, and the scissors flew off her. Vanessa's eyes snapped open to the sound of growling. And it wasn't coming from her.
In front of her very eyes, Agatha was being attacked. By a wolf. Another wolf.
Where had it even come from? It was clawing at Agatha's face, biting her, gnawing at her limbs....It was horrifying. It was terrible. And there was blood. A lot of blood.
"No!" Agatha screamed, a half-strangled cry. "Get away, you disgusting animal! Help me! Rapunzel!"
Rapunzel was silent. Vanessa couldn't look to see her expression. But Rapunzel said nothing. She did nothing.
Vanessa couldn't turn away. She could only close her eyes. And even then, she could hear the horrible sounds. As she opened her eyes again, the other wolf gave a final snarl, and Agatha's cries ceased. She fell to the floor, the wolf jumping on top of her as if claiming its victim.
Was she dead?
Vanessa had the sickening feeling she was, because she was suddenly able to move again. She sat up, and the strange, tingly feeling overcame her again. This time, though, she didn't fight the feeling, instead welcoming it. Once she had fully changed back to a human, she realized that the only thing she was wearing was her cloak, which had somehow survived her transformation. She drew her knees up to her chest and wrapped her cloak around her, flushing.
Looking around, she saw that Rapunzel looked only slightly disturbed, still frozen in her seat. Alice and Whit were staring down at Agatha in shock. Whit had his hand half in front of Alice's eyes, but Alice had pulled it down to look anyway. On the floor, the wolf was still on top of Agatha, making low growling sounds.
"That's enough, Wolf," said a voice. It was so familiar, yet, when Vanessa heard it, a shiver ran down her spine.
Her head snapped up, and a hooded figure stepped into the kitchen. Vanessa could vaguely make out the shadowed face. She was frozen, her own face a mask of shock and horror.
"Who are you?" asked Alice. Her voice trembled slightly as she looked away from Agatha, Whit dropping his hand. The question was more of a demand than a polite inquiry.
The smile beneath the hood, barely visible, was chilling. "Why doesn't Vanessa tell you?" She felt the others slide their gazes over to her.
Vanessa stared into the face of this newcomer. "Grandmother," she whispered.


Part 27

PART ONE RECAP
Alice Pleasance, daughter of a Cerieven nobleman, follows a mysterious boy, Whit, through a portal and enters the kingdom of Ailthe, which was ravaged by a revolution ten years ago and is no longer inhabitable, except Whit inexplicably lives there.
In the Milenian Woods outside Milen, Eilyste, an adopted girl named Rapunzel has fallen in love with the Crown Prince Ivan, but he loves another girl, Snow White. Rapunzel decides to kill Snow and hires a witch, Nicolai, to wipe Ivan's memories of Snow while Rapunzel goes to Ailthe to find poisonous apples.
In the kingdom of Phire, a girl named Vanessa realizes her grandmother is missing and follows a map through her grandmother's closet to Ailthe. The four of them go through Ailthe and help Rapunzel find her poisonous apples. They stray from the path and find a cannibalistic woman, who turns out to be a princess of Ailthe and Rapunzel's mother. She tries to eat them, but Vanessa turns into a wolf, and they are saved by another wolf and a strange woman. 
Back in Cerieve, Alice's older sister, Lory, tries to look for her. Their elder brother, Austin, a student in North Auvyn, kingdom of faeries, learns of her disappearance. One of Queen Amoret of North Auvyn's illegitimate children, Rome, gets an offer to kill Austin. Back in Eilyste, Rapunzel's adoptive mother Andrina, a witch, performs a seance for Inge Andersen and learns of Rapunzel's departure to Ailthe.
* * *
PART TWO: IN A FARAWAY LAND
"Children, especially attractive, well bred young ladies, should never talk to strangers, for if they should do so, they may well provide dinner for a wolf. I say 'wolf,' but there are various kinds of wolves. There are also those who are charming, quiet, polite, unassuming, complacent, and sweet, who pursue young women at home and in the streets. And unfortunately, it is these gentle wolves who are the most dangerous ones of all."
— from "Little Red Riding Hood" by Charles Perrault


Part 28

ALICE
"Grandmother."
The single word Vanessa uttered was barely audible.
Grandmother. This was who she'd been looking for.
Alice glanced at the figure in the doorway, trying not to look at Agatha's still body, half-covered by the hulking gray wolf that had come out of nowhere. The stranger wore a cloak as bright a red as Vanessa's. Taking her hood by both hands, the woman lowered it.
She looked like any kind, old grandmother: tall, with short, dark hair, streaked with gray and cut short to frame her face. Her eyes were dark, the skin wrinkling at the corners.
"Yes," she said, and she smiled, opening her arms to Vanessa. Vanessa, sitting upright on the silver platter and clutching her own cloak tight, stared, frozen, though Agatha's spell no longer affected any of them.
"What are you doing here?" Vanessa breathed.
"I'll tell you in good time," her grandmother said calmly. "Wolf, come here. Leave the poor woman alone."
"It's too late, he already killed her," Rapunzel said.
That seemed to snap Vanessa from her shocked stupor, and she whirled to face Rapunzel. "You let that wolf kill your own mother!"
"What, did you expect me to jump in and have it attack me?" Rapunzel snapped, which was sort of valid. "And don't go around blaming me—that's all you ever do. Blame your grandmother. She was the one that brought that wolf here. Also, is its name really 'Wolf?' Such a creative name."
Vanessa glared, then turned her back on Rapunzel.
Wolf walked over from Agatha to stand by Vanessa's grandmother, licking his mouth and paws, which were matted with blood. He looked just like Vanessa when she'd turned into a wolf—which was something Alice could still hardly believe—although he was larger and lighter, with amber eyes.
"How did you know I'd be here?" Vanessa asked. "I mean, I was looking everywhere for you, and I couldn't find you, but you found me pretty quickly..."
"Well," said her grandmother, for the first time seeming the tiniest bit unsettled. "I didn't quite find you. I found you." She turned and pointed a long finger at Whit.
Whit blinked at her with a closed expression.
"Oh," Vanessa said, sounding more than a little surprised and maybe a little hurt. "Um, do you know each other?"
"I promise this will all make sense—Vanessa, what happened to you?" Her grandmother changed the subject harshly.
Vanessa looked down at herself and flushed, pulling her cloak tighter to herself. "I don't really know," she said. "I just turned into a wolf. I promise I have no idea how—"
"You turned into a wolf?" Her grandmother's voice was sharp.
"Um...yeah."
Her grandmother let out a long sigh. "I'd hoped to be there when you made your first transformation, but it appears I've only just missed it."
"Wait," said Vanessa, frowning, "you knew I was a shifter? I didn't even know! But...how?"
"You never showed signs of it as a child, but we knew," her grandmother explained patiently. "You were born with the ability. It's a curse, which has been passed down in my family for generations. It only affects the women, so, no, your father can't shift. I knew eventually a day like this would come. That's why I gave you that cloak."
Vanessa looked down at herself. Her cloak was so red that it almost looked like blood dripping down her shoulders. "This...?"
Her grandmother nodded. "It suppressed the curse. If only just a little."
"I should curse Snow White with ugliness," Rapunzel interrupted loudly. "I'm going to kill her anyway, so it doesn't really matter, but can you curse a dead body?"
Vanessa's grandmother looked up at her and blinked. "Excuse me?"
Rapunzel let out a dramatic sigh from the other end of the table. She looked extremely casual, almost as if her own mother hadn't just been murdered in front of her eyes. Alice shivered at the memory of how Agatha had screamed and—
"I need to go home now," Rapunzel said. "She—Agatha—my mother—whatever—said she was going to help me get back to Eilyste, but she's dead now, so I guess I'm stuck here."
"Eilyste?" Vanessa's grandmother raised an eyebrow. "Is that where you're from?"
"Yeah," said Rapunzel. "And I have to get back there so I can get my true love, my prince! I need to get rid of that Snow White!"
Vanessa's grandmother paused. "Snow White...?" she said quietly to herself. Then, to Rapunzel, she said, "Did you say something about a prince?"
"Yeah," Rapunzel said. "He loves this other girl, Snow White. Well, loved." She laughed. "He won't remember her anymore. Anyway, she took him from me so she needs to die. I'm going to feed her poisonous apples." She pointed to Vanessa's satchel across the room.
"Ah," Vanessa's grandmother said. "I like you."
Vanessa spluttered and coughed. "What?"
Her grandmother looked at her, concerned. "Are you all right? Did you choke?" Vanessa just looked dumbfounded, and her grandmother turned back to Rapunzel. "I think I can help you get back to Eilyste. What's your name?"
"Rapunzel," Rapunzel said, flipping her hair over her shoulder. "Agatha said that I'm her daughter and I'm a Princess of Ailthe, but since everyone else is dead, I guess that means I'm the Queen of Ailthe and I can rule over the whole empire."
Which truly had been one of the oddest revelations. Alice could hardly believe it was true. She didn't remember any of the Ailthean princesses being named Agatha—or Rapunzel, for that matter—but then again, Agatha had said she'd forgotten some aspects of her life. Same as Rapunzel.
"Uh, there's not even an empire to rule anymore," said Vanessa, frowning.
"Ah," Vanessa's grandmother said, essentially ignoring Vanessa. "I see Agatha found her daughter." Her eyes glinted with something that made Alice's insides squirm. "It's a shame she had to die so soon after finding her. Well, Your Majesty, I happen to know a way you might get that empire back."
"Wait," Vanessa said, sliding off the platter and standing, awkwardly adjusting her cloak. "What are you talking about, Grandmother? Why do you sound like...like..."
"Oh, yes, Vanessa," her grandmother said. "You see, when Ailthe fell, it was such a disappointment. A ruin. I'm sure you want the kingdoms to be reunited, don't you?"
"Well, yes," Vanessa said. "But not under...her." She gestured to Rapunzel.
And Alice agreed. There was nothing rude about it. The empire had fallen apart; the kingdoms had fallen apart. Yet to have them under the complete rule of Rapunzel—it sounded like a joke.
"We'll find a way to fix things," Vanessa's grandmother said breezily. "It's time someone did. And...we can find a way to break the curse."
Vanessa's eyes widened. "You can break the curse?"
"Curses are meant to be broken." Her grandmother smiled tenderly. "I'll tell you later. It's getting late, and there's nothing worse than an empty stomach. Assuming you all have nowhere to stay, you may stay at my home here."
"Your what?" said Vanessa.
Alice glanced at Whit. He was staring at Agatha, her body splayed out on the floor in an unnatural position, blood pooling beneath her, as well as something...else. Just looking at her made the horrible stench seem to hit her harder, and Alice fought the urge to vomit as she turned away from Agatha's body. "Your home?" she said quietly.
Whit looked at her. His expression was blank. It frightened her. He nodded.
"Oh, yes," said Vanessa's grandmother loudly, and Alice looked at her. "And what's your name?" She was looking straight at Alice.
Alice wanted to shy away from Vanessa's grandmother's gaze. It felt like an iron grip, like the way Agatha had held on to her arm. Alice just curtsied, quickly and politely. As expected of a respectful little girl. "My name is Alice."
"Hm," Vanessa's grandmother said, rather dismissively. She turned away from Alice, and Alice was glad when her gaze broke.
"So, uh, Mrs....What's your name?" said Rapunzel.
"Just call me Red."
"Okay, Red, are we going to go poison Snow White now?"
"No," said Red. "As I said, it's getting late."
"So you're going to let her murder someone?" Vanessa said.
"No, of course not—"
"What?" Rapunzel stood, the chair screeching as she pushed it back.
"Girls, easy," said Red, holding out a hand. Wolf, standing by her side, snarled, sensing the tension. Alice could see his sharp, yellowed teeth, blood still staining them. Something gooey and reddish hung from one of his canines, but he seemed unaware of it.
"It's not murder," said Red. "We don't just murder people, no. It's just a noble sacrifice so that we can get what we need."
Vanessa's eyes widened, and she opened her mouth.
"Oh, relax." Rapunzel cut her off with a smirk. "You just can't stand to be corrected."
"You're one to speak," Vanessa snapped.
"Well, listen to your grandmother," Rapunzel said. "She obviously knows what she's talking about.
Alice bit her lip, but she couldn't help herself. "May I ask how?" she said. She tried to channel her inner Lory, staying cool and calm.
Red looked at her. "Excuse me?"
"How do you plan to...rebuild the empire?" Alice said, feeling a bit more confident. "I mean, it's a very large empire, and most of the kingdoms don't like each other. So I don't mean to disrespect you, but I was just wondering how the two...three...four of you plan to rule the entire empire? It just seems a little...much, and—"
"Alice." Whit's voice was very soft. "Be quiet."
Alice closed her mouth, a little hurt.
"There's no need, Whit," Red said calmly. "She raises a good point. There are only a few of us. But Rapunzel is already heir to the throne. Getting her that throne will be the easiest part. The hard part will be getting the rest of the kingdoms to bow down to it, but..." She smiled, and it reminded Alice of a beast that had just caught its prey. "We can do it."
"Grandmother," Vanessa said loudly. "I want to go home. I want you to go home with me, too. Maybe you had a stroke or something, but you really don't seem yourself. Please go back to Phire with me!"
Red gave her a cool look. "Vanessa, you must understand that I'm doing this for you. Remember that we can break the curse. To break a curse requires power. This is how we get it. But more than that, remember I'm also doing this for more than you. This is for the good of the entire empire."
Vanessa looked at her. "How do you break the curse?" she asked.
"It requires five artifacts," said Red. "The Five Artifacts of the Fates. Only with that power can the curse be revoked."
Alice knew the rest. The artifacts could revoke a curse. The artifacts could rebuild an empire.
She looked at Red. Did Red really have malicious intent? Or did she really believe in her causes—so much that she would kill for it?
Alice didn't know. She hadn't ever anticipated this when she'd followed Whit through the portal, but then again, what had she anticipated? Right now she was free, able to roam a realm she'd thought was lost. But...was she really free?
"Miss Alice, if you would not like to participate, it is entirely possible for you to return to your home tomorrow morning. Whit, I'm sure, would be more than happy to take you across the bridge," said Red. "After all, I'm sure that your family is dearly missing you." Her eyes roamed Alice with an expression Alice didn't want to understand.
"Oh," Alice breathed. "All right." Something told her it would just be best to go along with whatever Red said. After all, she had a wolf standing right beside her. A wolf still covered in the blood of the woman he'd just mauled.
Red just smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes.
Vanessa had dug some clothes out of her satchel and gone to change. Rapunzel was fixing her hair as if there wasn't a dead body on the floor. Red was looking out the window as Whit bent down, doing something with Agatha's body. Alice didn't want to look.
When Alice had dove through the portal, she'd made that choice. And now, she had no choice but to follow Red.


Part 29

LORY
"I don't know how you can just sit there and read like that!" Charlotte said, sounding both awed and exasperated as she marched over to Lory, fan and parasol in hand.
Lory peeked over the top of her book. "What?"
"I mean, Alice has been missing for, what, a week now!" she said. "And you're just..." She gestured vaguely.
Lory frowned. "I don't know what else you want me to do. I already let Austin know. Prince Ambrose has offered resources. The Guard is on it now. It's not like we can just go out and look for her; she could be anywhere. And they're looking for her already." She raised her book again to hide her face.
"Lory!" Charlotte smacked the book down onto Lory's lap.
"Ow!"
"Sorry—But seriously, Lory!"
"I am serious."
Charlotte huffed, snapping open her fan. "You're being dense."
"I am not. I am being reasonable."
"Reasonable how? Don't you realize that we could be doing something to help?" Charlotte fanned herself aggressively.
Lory sighed, shifting her position in the shade of the tall tree so that she was turned slightly away from Charlotte. "What could we do that the Guard couldn't? We're two girls. We're still children!"
Charlotte gaped at her. "I can't believe you!"
Lory just raised her book again.
"You're not even reading that." Charlotte tapped the book's cover with her fan. "Lory. Listen to me."
"I am reading."
"You are not." She put the fan into the book and tipped it back to reveal Lory's face. Lory raised an eyebrow at her, and Charlotte sighed. "You're affecting."
"What?"
"I know you, Lory. You're lying. And you're smarter than this—you do realize that we are some of the wealthiest people in all of Cerieve, right? We're not just 'two girls' or 'children.' You're a Pleasance. I'm a Winters. Do you even want to find Alice?"
Lory stared at her.
Charlotte blinked.
Lory shoved Charlotte's fan out of her book, snapping it shut. She picked up her fan and parasol and stood, walking off down the field.
"Lory!" Charlotte called.
Lory ignored her, continuing to walk. There was no feeling in her feet, or legs, or hands, or arms, or her body...
Because what if Alice wasn't just missing? What if it was something worse? What if she'd been taken by someone who...someone who would hurt her? Someone who didn't care that she was only eleven and a little girl?
What if when—if—when—they found her, she was—
No. Don't think about it.
But how could she not think about it? She'd been to the field hospitals. She'd seen what horrors could happen to the human body. She'd seen the blood, the bones, the—
Stop. Stop it.
Lory sank down to her knees, her book, fan, and parasol tumbling out of her hands onto the grass. She squeezed her eyes shut, hands gripping the grass. Don't think about it.
What were the chances of something like that happening to Alice? They were normal. She was normal; Alice was normal. These things didn't happen to them. They were just like everyone else, just...richer. With less to worry about. They lived simple lives. They weren't different, they weren't special, they weren't targeted, they weren't—they didn't—they couldn't—
"Hey." Charlotte's hand was warm and firm on her shoulder. "Lory?"
Lory drew in a breath. It was fine. She was fine.
But it wasn't, and she wasn't.
"I can't do anything," she choked.
Charlotte knelt down beside her. "Lory..."
"Please don't, Charlotte."
"I'm not—" Charlotte sighed, putting her hand on Lory's shoulder again. "I know it feels like we can't do anything, but, Lory, we did do something. We discovered that Alice was missing, and you sent Austin the letter that sent Prince Ambrose over."
"That's right," Lory said softly. "And there's nothing else for us to do." They had to sit here, at the Pleasance manor, where everyone had regrouped only to leave again, and now it was just her and Charlotte and the boys, with only Lady Errington staying behind to watch after them.
Charlotte hesitated. "I think there is something we can do."
"It's forbidden, isn't it."
A moment of silence. Then, "It's not forbidden."
"But we're not going to get permission to do it, either."
Charlotte sighed. "Lory. Please. It's just something we could do. To pass the time."
"I was passing the time before you interrupted me." Lory brushed Charlotte's hand off her shoulder and stood, closing her parasol and tucking her book and fan under one arm. She looked at Charlotte.
Charlotte looked at her. "So, yes?"
Lory sighed. "All right. But we're not doing anything illegal?"
Charlotte linked her arm through Lory's and dragged her towards the manor. "It's not illegal. It's just...not recommended."
Lory narrowed her eyes. "What exactly are we doing?"
"Well..." Charlotte shoved the door open and pulled Lory inside. "I was in the library, looking for some things to distract myself with, and I found a book!"
"How wondrous," Lory said dryly. "You found a book in a library."
Charlotte rolled her eyes. "It's a special book. Stop asking questions, I'll show you."
They passed the parlor, where Michael and Leopold were crawling about on the floor and playing with Michael's toy trains. Lory wondered where Lady Errington had gone off to, but she didn't have to wonder for long, for as they continued towards the library, they neared the music room, where she could hear the warm, soft sounds of the piano drifting through the open door.
Lory paused in the middle of the hall. Charlotte yanked gently on her arm, but she pulled away, stepping towards the doorway. She paused in it, watching as Lady Errington's fingers floated over the ivory keys, playing a simple melody that Lory recognized. It was a tune she'd heard a million times over, sometime, someplace so far away she could hardly remember.
Charlotte stepped up beside her, and they were silent, just watching. Listening.
Abruptly, Lady Errington stopped. Her hands hovered over the keys as if she'd forgotten the next notes. She looked up, pushed a strand of dark hair out of her face, and turned to them, smiling. "Ah," she said. "Hello, girls." She laughed a little, shaking her head. "I thought some music would help lighten the mood."
"It's lovely, my lady," said Charlotte.
Lady Errington laughed again, but there was no mirth in her eyes. Just...a swallowing sadness. "Thank you, my dear. Of course, I can't play as well as my Quinn used to, but I try."
Charlotte smiled. Lory tried but gave up. "We'll leave you to it," Charlotte said, pulling Lory into the library at the end of the hall. They could hear as Lady Errington resumed playing through the walls.
"We used to hide in here," Lory said as Charlotte led her to the middle of one of the aisles. She paused when Charlotte did, leaning her parasol against the shelf, looking up at the rows and rows of books. When they were younger, they would drape blankets across the shelves and put pillows up against the walls to dampen the noise of war outside. They'd hide inside these crudely made fortresses, and there, it was easy to forget.
Charlotte pulled the shelf ladder over, then started up it. "If I throw the book down from up here, catch it, will you?"
"I will not!" Lory said. "Take it down carefully like you're supposed to."
"Oh, it's only a book," said Charlotte, reaching for a thick, leather-bound book. She carried it down the ladder and brought it over to the table, Lory following. Charlotte dropped the book on the table with a heavy thud.
"If you'd thrown it at me you'd probably have killed me," Lory said dryly.
"How could I? You've such a thick skull." Charlotte opened the book.
Lory waited. After a long moment, she glanced at Charlotte, who stood there, staring at the book as if there was something interesting going on.
"What?" Lory said. "It's a blank page." She reached out and flipped through the pages. In fact, all of them seemed blank.
"Yes; odd, isn't it?" Charlotte said. "What are the chances you'll find a blank book this thick in such a library? So I...I tried something."
Lory glanced at her, not knowing if she wanted to hear what came next. "What did you do, Charlotte?" she sighed.
"I wrote in it," Charlotte said. "Here, let me show you." She looked around and found a stray pen on the table. She made a little scribble to test the ink, then wrote, in her loopy script, Hello.
They watched the ink dry on the crinkly paper.
"And look what happens!" Charlotte said.
As they continued to watch, a thick, dark line struck through the word, as if someone had crossed it out, though the pen hung still in Charlotte's hand. The word slowly disappeared, sinking into the paper.
Then, more words appeared: Good day. They were written in a handwriting Lory could have sworn she recognized.
She turned to stare at Charlotte.
"I don't know who's on the other end," Charlotte said. "They're quite obstinate, like you. Maybe you should try! I only found it last night." She held out the pen to Lory. "You have to cross out the words. It makes them disappear."
Lory hesitantly took the pen. This was much too dangerous. Anyone could be on the other end. "I don't know how this is going to help anything," she said, but she crossed out the words anyway. Then she wrote, Who are you?
Charlotte barked out a laugh. "Straight to the point, as always."
Lory wordlessly waited. Good day disappeared, and her words hung on the page for a long while before a thin, hesitant line cut through them.
Someone you once knew.
Well, she'd already figured that. Lory glanced at Charlotte. "Do you recognize the writing?"
Charlotte wrinkled her nose. "Could be anyone. Look, the point is—"
Lory struck out the line and wrote, What is this book? Where did it come from? Why is it 
She stopped. She'd been about to write here, but did that other person know where "here" was? Should she tell them? Was it safe to let them know? What if they were someone terrible, like someone who'd taken Alice, or—
Sometimes I forget magic is illegal in Cerieve, wrote the other person.
Sometimes Lory forgot, too. The only magic legal in Cerieve was the portal at the palace. There were portals in all the palaces, round the world. It was easy to forget, since magic had never played a big role in Cerieve, even before the war. But only recently had faeries even been allowed past the Cerieven borders, because their whole existence was based on magic.
Someone's been keeping a secret from you.
Lory blinked down at the words on the page.
"Oh, everyone's got a secret," Charlotte said, snatching the pen out of Lory's hand. "This book probably belongs to my father or something, that's why he's allowed to keep it. Maybe he uses it to communicate with allies outside of Cerieve. That doesn't matter. What matters is that this can help us find Alice!"
Lory stared at her. "What?"
Charlotte nodded vigorously. "Whoever's writing back to us must also be in possession of a magical object, which means they might be a witch! They might be able to use magic to find Alice."
"But we are in possession of a magical object and we're not witches," said Lory.
"Oh, stop being so reasonable!" Charlotte said. "Here, let's ask." She scribbled out the previous response and wrote, Do you have magic?
A moment later, No, but I have multiple magical objects.
Charlotte glanced excitedly at Lory. "See!" Before Lory could stop her, she wrote, We're looking for someone. Can you help us?
Depends. Who's missing?
Charlotte hesitated.
"Don't tell them," Lory said. "We have to figure out who they are first."
So Charlotte wrote, We won't tell you until you tell us who you are.
Another pause. They waited.
The book slammed itself shut.
Both Charlotte and Lory jumped back in shock
"Goodness!" Lory exclaimed. "What—?"
Charlotte put down the pen and, frowning, opened the book again. Tucked into the pages of the book was a small slip of paper. Charlotte pulled it out, read it, and wordlessly handed it over to Lory.
It was written in the same hand as in the book. It read, Come to Korev. Come alone; otherwise, you will be rejected at the gate. Take the portal to Aense and go from there. I'll be waiting for you at the palace.
And it was signed, at the bottom. All of a sudden it felt as if the ground had been swept beneath Lory's feet, and she put a hand on the table to steady herself.
The handwriting she recognized. The signature she knew.
Fritz. King of Korev.


Part 30

RAPUNZEL
Red led them to the center of the city. Or at least, that was what Rapunzel assumed it was. That was usually where they kept the palace.
The palace in front of them was large, similar to the Eilysten palace, which Rapunzel had only seen a few times from a distance. Though this palace was half-crumbling, which made it look so much more 'antique.' Apparently that was in for architecture these days.
Rapunzel stood beside Red, looking up at the palace. Vanessa was standing apart from them, looking traumatized and like she was about to bolt at any second. Wolf was standing the farthest away from Rapunzel, which was good because she didn't trust that thing. Alice stood staring at the palace in awe, and Whit, that liar, just looked bored.
"I can't believe so much of it is still intact," Alice said wondrously. Rapunzel had seen her look of hesitation at Agatha's cottage—which was weird, to Rapunzel. She didn't know where else Alice wanted to go; this was the perfect life here—but apparently, Alice had forgotten all about that. "I thought it had all been destroyed in the Ailthean Revolution."
Rapunzel wouldn't care to admit it, but she didn't know much about the Ailthean Revolution. Except that it happened. So she decided to avoid the topic by ignoring Alice entirely. So did everyone else.
Whit went up and ducked under the half-raised portcullis, the iron red and orange with rust. They followed, and Rapunzel was uneasy as she passed under the sharp bars. One slip and they might impale her on the spot.
They were now in the courtyard, which was full of a bunch of dead plants and a path covered in what were probably bird droppings, which was strange because Rapunzel had heard that, for a long time after the Revolution, any bird that flew over Ailthe would instantly drop dead.
A marble fountain stood in the center of the courtyard, although it was filled with dirty, brown-black water. It was pretty disgusting, but it kind of fit the whole aesthetic.
"It's a shame you'll only be staying with us for one night, Alice," Red said calmly as they walked into the palace, which seemed to have been preserved even better than the outside. "Let's have dinner first, as I'm sure you're all starving."
"I am!" Rapunzel said. "Agatha just fed us these gross bowls of mush. And we only got two meals a day! Not that I eat a lot anyway. Food is overrated. But still."
"Food may be overrated, dear," Red said, and Rapunzel loved the way she smiled at her, "but no one ever got anything done on an empty stomach. I'll let you and Vanessa pick out your rooms after dinner, and Alice may as well. Then you may leave in the morning," she said to Alice.
Alice looked a little uneasy as she nodded. "Thank you," she said curtly, "for your hospitality."
"Well, one more thing," said Red, "I suggest you all take a bath before dinner."
* * *
Rapunzel glided down the grand staircase to the dining room, where they were to eat dinner. She really was starving. She'd never had so much physical activity in her life.
In the dining room, she found that the others were already seated at the ginormous table. Vanessa sat at one end, her hair still damp. She was dressed in new clothes she'd probably pulled from her satchel. It was unfair that Vanessa got to wear new clothes while Rapunzel had to wear her disgusting old dress, which she couldn't even wash.
Rapunzel turned a poisonous apple between her freshly scrubbed hands. She didn't trust Vanessa to keep something so precious anymore. There was still a whole stash of more poisonous apples in Vanessa's satchel, but hopefully, Vanessa would accidentally bite into one of them and die or something.
Rapunzel wanted to sit as far away from Vanessa as possible, but she didn't want to be too far away from Red and the conversation, so she sat a few seats away from Alice, who had pushed her blond hair away from her face with her headband. Alice had spent the longest time in the bath, even though she was the tiniest.
Wolf was sitting next to Vanessa, ugh, between her and Whit. Shouldn't pets have been banned at the dinner table? Wolf had evidently washed up, too. Good. Now there wasn't any disgusting blood over him.
Whit had, like Vanessa, changed into new clothes, which was doubly unfair. How was it that the people close to Red got new clothes? Was Rapunzel not close to Red? Ugh, it was all Vanessa's fault.
Red smiled at Rapunzel as she took a seat, and Rapunzel had to smile back, setting her poisonous apple on the table. Maybe Red was only pretending to be Vanessa's grandmother and she was actually Rapunzel's grandmother. Rapunzel wouldn't be surprised, considering what she'd learned today.
"I'm sure you're all hungry," said Red, smiling broadly. "So I've called for a plentiful meal. First, some appetizers." She clapped her hands, and tiny little plates appeared in front of each person.
Rapunzel poked at her food. It made a little squelching noise, and she wanted to throw up. But she ate it, and it wasn't bad. It was kind of spicy, though, and she was about to demand some water when a glass appeared beside her as if someone—or something—had read her mind. It was kind of disturbing, but also kind of nice. This was the life she was meant to live, as a princess. A beautiful castle, people serving her everywhere she went...
"Why do you have to leave that on the table?" Vanessa's annoying voice cut through her perfect bliss.
"What?" Rapunzel looked up at her, glaring. Vanessa's wet hair was dripping onto the tablecloth, darkening the already dark red fabric.
"That apple. You might accidentally take a bite of it," Vanessa said. "Oh wait—that might be a good thing."
Rapunzel rolled her eyes. "Be more creative," she said. "As if I'd want myself dead. If you can have that wolf thing sitting next to you, I can have my apple here."
"His name is Wolf," said Vanessa. "And he's a living being. That is a poisonous apple."
"He might not be living soon—"
"Rapunzel." Red's voice was sharp, and Rapunzel flinched inwardly. "Vanessa. Calm down, girls. No need to be at each other's throats. Vanessa, Rapunzel can have her apple on the table if she wants. She did get it herself." Rapunzel smirked at Vanessa's expression. "And Rapunzel," Red continued, "please respect Wolf. He has been loyal to me for a long time."
Rapunzel frowned. She hadn't meant to get on Red's bad side.
But Red was obviously favoring Vanessa. Vanessa was even worse than Alice. At least Alice wasn't acting like a scared rabbit. Alice hadn't broken down when she'd heard Red's plan—which was a brilliant plan. Rapunzel completely approved.
Vanessa was being weak. But Red was letting her stay and tag along. Just because Vanessa was her granddaughter.
Well, Rapunzel was going to have to fix that.


Part 31

VANESSA
"I'll let you three go off and pick your rooms now," Vanessa's grandmother said. "Go ahead. Any room you'd like. There are many options. If the door is locked, then it is either my or Whit's room."
"I want the biggest!" Rapunzel cried as she darted off into the palace. Of course.
The crumbling exterior of the palace had masked its true beauty on the inside. The whole palace was dimly lit with only the splintered light that shone in through stained glass windows. Vanessa walked through the enormous, empty halls, which made her feel very small, and up a grand, spiral staircase.
There was a horrible feeling in the pit of her stomach that even the wonder of the palace couldn't get rid of. She didn't think it was the food, though it had tasted a little strange. No, it had more to do with Red. She didn't even seem like Vanessa's grandmother, yet she looked like her, talked like her, smiled like her.
Vanessa opened one of the doors, painted a bright, vibrant red that matched her coat, and entered a large bedroom. It had a huge, canopied bed that looked like it could fit ten people. The bed flaunted thick, velvet curtains that cascaded to the floor like a waterfall. Pushing them aside, she saw the bed was beautifully made, with lace pillows and covers. They were white, contrasting with the otherwise dark palette of the room.
She stepped away from the bed to examine the rest of the room. The dark crystal floor was bare and smooth, like glass. A dresser and table sat side by side, painted red as the door. The dresser's mirror was perfectly polished, her reflection sharp in its surface.
Across the bed was a large wardrobe, tall and elegantly designed. Vanessa opened it and was surprised to see it already fully stocked. She ran her hand over the clothes. They were tailored beautifully, the designs and embroidery immaculate. These were the most expensive clothes she had ever seen. For a moment, she wondered if these were the clothes left behind from whatever royal had lived here before her, but they were much too fresh, and she didn't even want to think about the horrific fate of those who'd lived there.
Vanessa closed the wardrobe and walked over to the window, framed by the same curtains that hid the bed. The window had a latch so she could easily open it for a breath of fresh air. The room was on the second floor, so there was a long way down to the ground beneath. She could see the ruins of Ailthe out in the distance.
Rapunzel burst into the room, making Vanessa whirl around. Rapunzel's eyes widened as she took in the room. "Whoa," she said. "This room is way better than the other ones! And it's bigger. This one's mine!"
"Actually, it's mine," Vanessa said, surprised by the vehemence in her own voice. "I just claimed it, and I was here first."
Rapunzel glared at her. "No, it's mine!"
Vanessa glared back, standing her ground.
Then Rapunzel smiled, startling her. "Fine," she said sweetly. "This room's yours."
Vanessa frowned. What? She was letting her off that easily?
"But don't think you've beaten me," Rapunzel went on. So there was a catch. Of course.
"What do you want?" Vanessa asked hesitantly.
"I know Red favors you," Rapunzel said, "just because you're her granddaughter. But don't worry. Soon she'll hate you. Soon I'll be her favorite."
Vanessa blinked as Rapunzel left the room.
Not sure what else to do now that she was left alone, she pushed the curtains of the bed aside and sat down on the soft, cushiony mattress. She suddenly felt very...alone.
The door opened a crack, and she looked up to see Alice peek into the room. Alice gave a sigh of relief and stepped in, closing the door quietly.
"Vanessa!" she said. "I was looking for you. This palace is enormous; I don't even know how to get back to the room I picked."
Vanessa shook her head. "This is so weird," she said. "But you're going home tomorrow morning, right?"
Alice hesitated. "Right," she said. "Um...when are you? Going back home, I mean."
Vanessa swallowed. "I don't know. I want to get rid of my curse—how can I go home now? I just want to be normal." She shook her head. She didn't want to make it all about herself. "But my grandmother knows how to reverse the curse, so..."
The artifacts. How were they ever going to get those artifacts?
"Anyway," Vanessa said quickly. "Um...have fun going back home."
Alice had a strange expression on her dainty face. She reminded Vanessa of a doll, a perfect little porcelain doll, with such hard skin but so easy to shatter.
"I'll be up to see you off tomorrow morning," Vanessa promised.
Alice brightened. "Will you?" Her smile was so white it was blinding.
"Of course." Vanessa couldn't help but smile back at Alice. "Good night."
"Good night," Alice said, still smiling as she left.
There was a quiet "Oh!" outside the door, then Vanessa heard footsteps hurrying away.
The door opened again, and this time it was her grandmother.
Vanessa stood. "Grandmother," she said hesitantly.
"Do you know her well?" said Red, without preamble. She stepped into the room and started to the window.
Alice? "I just met her not too long ago," Vanessa said, watching her grandmother closely. "But she's...nice. And helpful."
"I see," said Red. "Well, I'm glad to hear that you get along."
"She needs shoes," Vanessa remembered suddenly. It felt like so long ago Alice had sacrificed her shoes to the ravenous plants.
"She's going home tomorrow, anyway." A heavy beat of awkward silence waited between them. Vanessa couldn't remember ever feeling so uncomfortable around her grandmother.
"But what about you?" said Vanessa. "What about...us? Aren't we going home too?"
"It's not about me," Red said, turning to face her. "It's about you. You can't go home, Vanessa."
Vanessa paused, frowning. "But...why?" She was startled at the shaking of her own voice.
Red looked at her with a mix of pity and...something else, something she didn't quite understand. Did she want to? "You know you can't. They would never accept you back home. It's safer here."
"But—"
"They're afraid, you know. Of you. Of me. People like us."
"But Mom and Dad," said Vanessa, "do they know?"
Red sighed. "Yes. They wanted to hide this from you—that's why I made that cloak for you. Your father insisted. It suppresses your ability. Slightly. But you know you can't return to Phire. Now that you know, you can't forget. You can go home and you can try to pretend you aren't who you are, but you'll be living a lie."
A lie. Would that be so bad? If Vanessa pretended enough, could that make it true? If no one ever knew besides her family, could she live normally? Could she somehow...forget?
Red was watching her face. She sighed. "I know, Vanessa. I've been there too. Trust me, you'll be miserable." Something dark passed over her face, and Vanessa believed her.
"Then...what can I do?" It was impossible to hide the tinge of desperation in her voice.
Red's expression hardened. "The world wants us to change, but we won't change who we are. So we have to change the world. We can rebuild this world, this empire, this kingdom. We can make it a world where we don't have to hide."
Vanessa's voice was barely a whisper. "How?"
Her grandmother looked down at her, eyes so dark and keen, so full of youth despite the wrinkles around them. She smiled. "How much do you know about the Five Artifacts?"
"The...what?"
"I'm sure your friend Alice will know about them," said Red, "considering Cerieve houses one of them. You know the Five Fates, don't you?"
Vanessa nodded. "Faith, Honor, Loyalty, Love, and Liberty."
"Yes," said Red. "And for each of the Fates, there is a powerful artifact, left behind as the only reminder of the angels in the Upperworld." The Upperworld, which no longer existed. "They're scattered throughout the kingdoms, but if we can bring them together, we'll have power. We'll have...everything." She smiled.
"What...What are they?" Vanessa asked, swallowing hard.
"The Crown of Faith, in Auvyn," said Red. "The Cloak of Honor, in Virane. The Chains of Loyalty, in Cerieve. The Ring of Love, in Eilyste. And here, in Ailthe. The Staff of Liberty."
Vanessa sucked in a breath. "So we already have one of the artifacts? Can it be used to break my curse? Where is it?"
Red shook her head. "On their own, they're useless. Only together do they have power. As for where the Staff is...don't worry about it now. I'll bring it out when the time is right."
"So we just need to find four artifacts," Vanessa said. That didn't seem too hard. Right?
"Yes," said Red. "Four artifacts. And they will be everything."


Part 32

ROME
Austin Pleasance was more boring of a man than Rome had anticipated. The more he followed him around, the more Thomas's description of him as incredibly Cerieven seemed increasingly apt. It was as he and Theresa had said—Austin Pleasance studied all day without fail, and his idea of "fun" appeared to be a stroll around the park. Rome didn't know whether or not to be envious that he could find entertainment in such a menial activity.
And yet, boring though he was, Rome was rather curious of him. He was everything he appeared to be on the surface. It didn't seem like he went much deeper than that, but it wasn't as if he were vapid or simpleminded either.
And so Rome had been rather intrigued to follow Austin Pleasance from North Auvyn to Cerieve and observe how he acted in his natural habitat.
Rome didn't like Cerieve very much. It was a very homogeneous kingdom, which meant that he stood out even more than usual in everyday crowds, and that meant that he'd been forced to stick to the shadowy places that he was well-frequented with, but didn't entirely love. All this just to keep an eye on this strange individual whom Rome had not even decided whether or not to kill.
The Pleasance estate—all the noble estates, really—were located out in the countryside, where there were open fields and no tall buildings to obscure Rome from view, so he was left to his own devices as he hung in the trees by the nearby forest, musing about what he knew. Luckily, he'd already done a round of all three nearby estates—the Pleasance, Winters, and Errington estates. It appeared the Winters estate was the main point of congregation outside of the palace, which Rome had already acquainted himself with years ago. He couldn't imagine it had changed very much.
Rome stretched out his legs onto the branch he was perched upon, tucking away his wings and leaning back against the tree trunk. It was humid here; there was a river nearby, and its current was soft and rippling. Rome had found a few trinkets—coins, little figurines, folded cards—littered around the riverbank, some lodged deep into the damp soil. He could imagine the noble children coming out with their toys to play, the riverbank accumulating a treasure trove of lost items over the years.
He reached into his pocket to pull out his own trinket, the knife he'd taken from the man back at the North Auvish library. It was so lavishly made that it had been easy to identify after a quick evaluation of his own knife collection. He'd found a knife identical to it, one he'd taken from a man he'd killed in Korev for giving up his family to revolutionaries during the Korevan insurrection only five years ago. That job had been easy. After all, the Korevan city slums were so that he could kill a man in broad daylight and count on the police to dispose of the body.
Rome turned the knife over in his hands. It was pretty, but not too much that it was not still useful. But still. It was too much for Rome to ever use himself. He'd rather use a butter knife than this. This was the sort of knife he might use to stab a king or a queen. This sort of knife did not deserve to spill the blood of curious scholars who were both boring and yet immensely fascinating.
A crunch piqued his attention, and, without turning his head, he glanced across the river as a figure came into view—Austin Pleasance, walking down to the riverbank with his hands shoved in his pockets, his gaze up towards the sky.
Rome did not move. He was directly in Austin Pleasance's line of sight, if only he would look forward. Rome could easily slip from the tree, unnoticed. But he did not move.
Austin dipped the toe of his boot into the river, tracing a line back and forth. He was silent. Rome watched him, not quite sure whether to be intrigued or bored out of his mind. This was the sort of silence that Rome could not read, even though it was the sort of silence that Rome found himself in often.
Anyway, there were two other figures coming behind Austin Pleasance. As they approached, Rome recognized them as two of the young women who lived at the estates. He could only assume that the lighter-haired was Austin's sister, Lory, and the darker-haired was the Winters girl, Charlotte.
"Austin!" called Charlotte, who had her skirts hiked up and was stomping through the field as if she had a vengeance against the poor blades of grass. Behind her, Lory was weaving through the path Charlotte carved with careful delicacy.
Austin turned to face them. Rome was a little more apprehensive of the girls noticing him, but they appeared preoccupied with something else.
"Charlotte," Austin said, by way of greeting. "Lory."
"The sun's hellish today," Charlotte said, dropping her skirts and dramatically flicking a dark curl away from her face. Rome heartily agreed, though it was his own fault for dressing in dark clothes.
"Really?" said Austin. "It feels nice."
Charlotte raised an eyebrow. "North Auvyn must be made of ice."
"Want to go back inside?"
"No," she said. "We have something to show you." Charlotte looked at Lory.
On cue, Lory held out a hand. There was something in it, but Rome couldn't tell what it was from the distance. "We found this in a book."
Austin took it—it was a small slip of paper, as small as the card still in Rome's pocket. There couldn't have been very much written on it, but he took a long moment to read, not moving for a while. Rome watched his back and shoulders tense, ever so slightly.
"Fritz?" he said, finally looking up. A name? It took Rome a moment to recognize it. The King of Korev, Fritz? "You found it in a book," Austin said slowly.
"It's in the library," Charlotte explained. "It's blank. I was just kind of doodling in it, but then someone responded. It's a magic object, obviously. Turns out it was Fritz communicating with us."
"I know," Austin said slowly. "It's been there for a long time. We used it during the war to communicate with Korev."
Charlotte's mouth opened in an O.
"How come we don't use it now?" Lory said with a frown. "Why's it gathering dust in the Winters' library when it could be of so much use?"
Rome wished he could see Austin's expression. "We simply have no need to communicate with Korev any longer." Though it was anything but simple, Rome knew. Korev had complicated relationships with many kingdoms, though things got extra twisted when it came to Cerieve and Aense. Those three kingdoms had shared a long-standing alliance throughout centuries, but it had all come crashing in a downward spiral after the Ailthean Revolution.
"Why does he even want you to go to Korev?" Austin asked. "And alone?" So that was what the note said? Odd request indeed.
"I asked if he could help locate a missing person." Lory's voice was flat. Ah. The youngest sister. Rome only knew what he did about it from Ambrose.
Austin glanced at her. "And he sent this in reply?"
A curt nod.
"We thought you might give us some advice on what to do," Charlotte said, rocking on her heels. "Since you know Fritz better than us."
Austin was silent for a moment. "The Guard is already looking for Alice."
"The Guard doesn't use magic." Lory's jaw was set.
Austin was silent again, considering. Rome considered as well. Lory was right, the Cerieven Guard didn't use magic. They couldn't possibly find anyone faster than with the help of magic. But Lory and Charlotte were still too young to go to Korev by themselves. Korev, like North Auvyn, was not known for its tourism. Most people would never know what was inside its borders. Rome had been inside and seen.
"You shouldn't be asking me," Austin said finally. "It's probably not a good idea."
"All right, then," Lory said, taking back the paper. "I'll go."
"What?"
"You said not to ask you," said Lory. "So I made the decision myself. I'll go and see if Fritz can help."
"Lory, no, that's—"
Lory folded the paper neatly, smoothing the crease. "I packed a bag last night. I'll go at noon. Wait an hour until you tell Mother and Father; Mother probably won't even notice by then, so just don't mention it until she asks." She was already walking away as she spoke.
Austin ran after her and grabbed her arm. "'Last night?'" he echoed. "How long have you had this?"
"A few days," Charlotte answered for Lory, hurrying after them. "We thought it would be better to get your input..."
"If you want my input, then listen to me, Lory," said Austin. "Lory. Look at me." Silently, Lory turned her face toward him. "We don't know enough about Korev. Being by yourself in any kingdom would be dangerous, but if something happened in Korev..." He sucked in a breath. "You'd be lost." Another pause. "Just like—"
"All right." Lory yanked her arm free. "I know. It's just..." Her eyes fluttered shut for a moment. "I just don't know what else I can do."
Charlotte threw up her hands. "Austin, I don't know what else I can do either. At this point, I can't think too much about Alice because I'm just trying to keep Lory sensible. And at the same time, I have to keep Michael and Leopold from eating each other, and entertain the Erringtons while Mother and Lady Pleasance are at the palace." She made an exasperated noise and pressed the back of her hand to her forehead. "At this rate, I'll be aged ten years in the next ten days!"
"I'll talk to Lory, Charlotte," he said. "You should take a rest."
"Thank you," Charlotte said and gave Lory a little smack on the arm as she passed, heading back across the field towards the house.
Austin turned to Lory, who was folding and unfolding the paper in her hand. "Lory," he said gently. "We—"
"There's a man in the tree back there," Lory said, not looking up.
Ah. Rome hadn't even noticed her notice him.
He didn't move as Austin turned around and locked eyes with him. For a moment, there was nothing but the soft sounds of the river between them.
"Um," said Austin, "how long has he been there?"
"The whole time," Lory said, lifting her gaze. "He didn't move, so I thought I was seeing things."
Brother and sister stared at Rome, who still did not move. Slowly, he blinked.
"Um," Austin said again, bright eyes wide. "Hello?"
 Rome tucked the knife away into his pocket and sat up, keeping his wings squeezed back and away from view. One shock at a time. He ran through a multitude of lines and finally just said, "Hello." Hopefully, Austin Pleasance didn't recognize his voice in another language, but then again, he had heard Rome speak in a Cerieven accent before. Rome would just deny it if it came up, anyway.
"How long have you been up there?" asked Austin.
"Since before you came." Rome had the urge to flick his hair out of his eyes but didn't feel like moving his arms. He felt as if he were dealing with an anxious cat. Any sudden movement might send it running off.
"I don't think I've seen you here before." But he didn't ask if Rome was from Cerieve. Maybe it was his accent. Was it convincing enough? It had been a long time since he'd brushed up on Cerieven.
"No," said Rome, because that was the simplest response.
"What are you doing up there? Were you eavesdropping?"
"Obviously," Rome scoffed, and Austin's eyes widened. Beside him, his sister's expression was impassive. "I was here the whole time, did you expect me not to listen in?"
Austin opened his mouth.
"Tell me, should I go to Korev?" said Lory.
Rome looked down at her. He thought for a moment, then said, "Well, I don't really care what happens to you, but if you are worried for the safety of your sister it seems stupid to put your own safety on the line to try to find her when you don't even know whether or not you're heading into a dead end. But," he shrugged, "if you need something to do, then don't ask for my permission."
"Lory, that's not—" Austin began.
Rome made up his mind. "Shut up," he said, startling Austin again, and this time making Lory flinch as well. He dropped from the tree branch and looked at Austin. "I'm here for you, so stay here."
Austin took a step forward. Lory looked at him as if he were insane. "Lory," he said, very slowly. "Maybe you should go back to the house."
"Of course not—" began Lory.
"Miss Pleasance," Rome called, making her flinch again. "Perhaps you should listen to your brother. And maybe get a head start on leaving for Korev." He tilted his head towards her, considered a moment, then reached into his pocket and pulled out the knife.
Both Austin and Lory jumped back.
Rome rolled his eyes. "I'm standing on the other side of the river." Not like he wouldn't be able to kill them from here, but that didn't matter. He wasn't going to kill them here, anyway. He pinched the knife's polished blade and held it out. "This is for you."
Lory glanced up at Austin, who kept his eyes on Rome, wide and cautious. Rome recognized the expression in them and recalled that Austin was old enough to remember much of the Ailthean Revolution. It had been devastating in Cerieve.
"Come on," Rome said, tsking impatiently. "Do you want to get going or not? I'm giving this to you. Don't tell me you didn't think of bringing a weapon to Korev?"
Her expression answered him. She took a cautious step forward.
"Lory, don't," said Austin in a low voice.
"Oh, do," Rome said. He tossed the knife across the river, where it landed on the damp soil. Lory glanced at Austin again, then darted forward, grabbed the knife, and turned to run back from whence she'd come.
"Wait, Lory—!"
"Not so fast, Mr. Pleasance," Rome called and was slightly surprised to see Austin stop. He'd thought he might have to leap across the river to catch him from slipping away. But perhaps Austin was only staying behind to keep Rome from going after Lory, which was noble, but stupid because Rome had specifically said he was there for Austin. If he were smarter he might have realized why Rome had given her the knife.
Austin crossed his arms across the riverbank. This was definitely unlike how Rome had ever seen him. Maybe his attitude in North Auvyn was really a facade. "Who are you?" Austin said bluntly. His eyes looked Rome up and down. "Or what..."
How rude, considering Austin lived in North Auvyn. He shouldn't have been at all surprised by creatures with wings. Though Rome supposed he ought to give Austin the benefit of the doubt—after all, not all faeries had wings, and certainly not all faeries had black ones.
Rome considered the many ways he might answer and finally just said, "You can call me Rome."
A pause. Then, "You already know my name."
Rome just nodded.
"You've been following me."
So he'd noticed. Well, Rome hadn't been trying that hard to go undetected. Honestly, he was surprised Austin hadn't found him sooner.
"Yes," said Rome.
"Why?"
And here it was.
Rome rarely interacted with his victims outside of the actual killings. Oh, he'd stalk them, get to know them as well as a family member. But he almost never talked to them like this.
It was interesting, to say the least.
"Well," said Rome, because he hadn't thought this far yet.
"You're out to kill me, aren't you?" Austin sounded over it already.
Rome cocked his head to one side. "What makes you say that?"
Austin rubbed his eyes. "Well, everyone thinks I'm some sort of Cerieven spy out to ruin Queen Amoret and North Auvyn. And there's a murder investigation going on."
Well, Rome knew about the investigation by virtue of stalking Austin for a week, but it hadn't occurred to him that Austin ever seemed on edge. Perhaps he was more curious than Rome had originally thought.
"And you think I might be the murderer?" Rome said, raising an eyebrow.
"Why else would you be here?" said Austin. "And you're a demon, aren't you?"
"Oh, come on," said Rome. "The Otherworld has no problem with North Auvyn. It's North Auvyn that has a problem with the Otherworld. Besides, I'm half-faerie."
Why had he even said that? It wasn't relevant at all. Was he stalling? Why in the world was he stalling?
"Oh," said Austin. He paused, long enough for them to both blink at each other with the anticipation of a breath. Then he threw up his hands. "Goodness, I'm too busy to be murdered! There's no space in my schedule to even write my will. Would you kindly wait until next week to kill me?"
That startled a laugh out of Rome. "Too busy to die! That's the finest excuse I've ever heard." He made up his mind, then. "I'm not here to kill you."
Austin narrowed his eyes. "Are you sure?"
Rome shrugged. "If I were here to kill you I'd have done it already."
"You did come with a knife," Austin pointed out.
That was true.
"Well, if you're not here to kill me," Austin said, with awful conviction, "then what are you here for?"
"Well," said Rome, who really hadn't thought this far, "I am here to tell you that I'm not going to kill you. But others want you dead."
"I know that already."
Rome thought quickly. He didn't know why he didn't just turn around and leave, but he'd made it this far already. He might as well go all the way.
He might as well make another contract.
"I'll protect you," he said.
Austin stared at him. "What?"
"You heard me," said Rome. And he'd heard himself; now that he'd said it, there really wasn't any going back. "I can keep you safe. Scare off all the other killers and all that. I noticed you don't have a guard."
Austin raised an eyebrow. "And why should I hold you to your word?"
Rome reached into his pocket and pulled out another knife. Austin looked shocked to learn that he'd had another weapon hidden away, and Rome just had to roll his eyes. He pricked his thumb until a droplet of blood welled onto the finger. Then he wiped the tip of the blade and held it out to Austin, who was wide-eyed. "We can make a blood contract."
Austin took the knife, oddly reverent. "I've never done that before."
"Just prick your finger."
Austin frowned but did as he was told. He hesitated, watching the blood well on his fingertip. "How permanent is this?"
"The terms of the contract will be as you make it," Rome said. "We both have to make a promise on our end. I promise I'll watch over you and keep you from dying until...until you tell me to stop." Rome realized he could have just bound himself to Austin for Austin's entire life, but he was certain that by then, Austin would be long sick and tired of Rome.
"And I..." Austin hesitated again. "I promise I'll make your life easier by not dying, and I'll be...a good friend. Until you tell me to stop."
That was certainly an odd contract. Rome would have preferred it without the "good friend" part, but whatever. He reached out, and Austin flinched a little when Rome took his hand. Rome pressed his bleeding thumb against Austin's. His hand was warm.
"Now you have to say this with me: 'I swear on my blood to uphold the terms of this contract.'" They repeated it, together, and there was a cold rush in Rome's veins. Austin shivered, and he snatched his hand back once the sensation disappeared.
Austin stared at Rome, eyes like saucers. "Now what?"
Rome raised an eyebrow. "Well," he said, inspecting the drying spot of blood on his thumb, "now we uphold the terms of the contract."


Part 33

ALICE
Alice rolled over in the bed, pulling the blankets up over her even more. They were practically over her head now.
She was in a real bed. It was warm and soft. And yet she felt more uncomfortable than she'd felt sleeping on the cold floor of a cave, the narrow confines of a cage.
Alice had picked a random room, seeing as it didn't matter if she was only to be staying one night. She hated to wait until morning to leave, but she knew that there was absolutely no way that she would be going back out and facing creatures like the beast on the bridge. Red had explained that since portals only led into Ailthe, not out, they were going to have to walk all the way out to Virane, where it wasn't as polluted with magic. Then Whit could portal her back to Cerieve.
Alice wasn't entirely sure if she wanted to go back home, though. She was selfish. She wanted more. So much had happened already, but she wanted more.
She just wished that the portal she'd jumped through hadn't led to Ailthe.
She was also dreading returning home after so long—she didn't even know how long it had been now. She'd get in terrible trouble. Or maybe she wouldn't get in trouble at all. Maybe no one had noticed.
Alice didn't know which would be worse.
She turned onto her other side, for what felt like the millionth time. Her eyes were wide open, staring at the dresser opposite the bed. She rolled onto her stomach and buried her face into her pillow, which was infuriatingly soft. It felt like she was being smothered.
The buttons on the front of her dress dug into her skin. She hadn't bothered to change. Alice had looked inside the wardrobe in the room, and it was stocked full of dresses just for someone Alice's size. Strange that Red would have all of them there. Alice wondered if she was sleeping in someone else's room. Or, rather, lying awake.
"Alice."
Alice started at the voice. It was a quiet whisper, right in her ear. She sat up and looked over her shoulder, but in the dim light, she saw nothing strange. There was no one. Was she hearing things?
"Alice." Urgently, now. She couldn't tell whose voice it was. Was it outside her door?
Alice threw off the blankets and slid out of bed. It was a tall bed, and she'd had some difficulty climbing into it. Her stockinged feet hit the smooth marble floor, and she nearly slipped.
Carefully, so she wouldn't start skating on the floor, she crept over to the door, opening it and hoping there wasn't a murderer outside.
The hall outside was empty.
"Alice." It was a little louder this time. Was there someone calling her? Or was she only dreaming? Everything felt like a dream—she wasn't sure she could distinguish them from reality anymore.
She took a single step out of the room, looking down the halls. They were enormous. She didn't even need to try to get lost.
"Alice...Come here, darling."
She knew that voice. It was familiar. She remembered it from a long, long time ago.
The palace was very dark. But there was something about that voice, like a beacon of light. She just wanted to follow it. She wanted to find it.
"Alice..."
She drifted off down the halls, wincing a little as the floor creaked beneath her. But the palace was still. There was no one else awake.
Alice's feet led her to a door, cracked open about an inch. She reached out and pushed it open. The hinges must have been rusted, for she had to use some force to open it enough for her to slip inside. Was this trespassing? Red hadn't said they couldn't go looking in other rooms. She'd said any room without a locked door.
Had this room been locked when they'd gone to pick? Alice couldn't remember.
The room was dark, but her eyes had adjusted from staring into the bleak night for so long. There was a large window on the far side of the room, but it was covered by thick black curtains, allowing not a single beam of light into the room.
Alice took another step inside. The floor was dusty; she could feel it through the thin stockings. The room seemed to be a library, for the walls were lined with shelves bursting with thick books. She felt a slight breeze, though the curtains didn't seem to be stirring.
Feeling curious, she crossed the room over to the window, pushing aside the curtains. In fact, there wasn't a window behind the curtains, but two large glass doors that opened to a balcony. So she had to be on the side of the palace that wasn't crumbling in ruin.
"Alice," came the quiet whisper someplace behind her. Alice glanced over her shoulder. Still, there was no one there. She shook off the chill that had followed her.
"Wait a minute," she whispered, though she wasn't sure there was anyone there to hear. "I just want to take a look."
The doors clicked open, and Alice stepped out onto the balcony. She wished she'd at least dragged a blanket along with her, and she hugged herself tightly as she crept to the edge. She could lean over the balustrade. It was a long way down to the bottom.
The moon was bright that night. There were nothing but empty ruins and a forest growing over the land. She wondered, though, how there was so much plant life thriving here when five years ago the whole kingdom had been deemed uninhabitable.
"Alice..." the voice sounded impatient.
"All right," Alice whispered, but the night had frozen her lips and her words disappeared. Her throat hurt from the cold air. She turned around and, shaking, went back inside. She closed the doors and stepped back into the library, the weight of the curtains dragging on her as she passed underneath.
She looked around the room. Why had she come here? Was she hearing voices?
In the center of the room, there was a small table. Alice didn't know how she hadn't noticed it before. It was practically glowing now. A single dark flower, like a rose, though the petals were thinner and sharper, floated inside a tall glass dome.
What was it doing in the library? What was it?
Alice stepped closer to the table. She stared, transfixed at the flower. It was beautiful, beyond anything that would naturally occur in this world. It was full of life, yet there was something missing in its stillness, like something dead.
Alice's cold, frozen fingers longed to touch the flower as if it were a flame that could melt away the ice. She reached out, carefully, and pressed her fingers to the glass dome.
Ice. Alice pulled her hand back quickly, gasping silently. She looked at her fingertips, slowly turning blue. She looked at the flower.
She touched the dome again and was suddenly met with a burning sensation that spread throughout her entire hand, so much she could barely feel anything through the heat. But it didn't hurt.
Alice lifted the dome off the table, the flower continuing to hover slightly over the table as if it were suspended by an invisible thread. She set the glass dome down. For the first time, she noticed that flower petals were strewn about the surface of the table. Yet the flower was still full as if it had never lost any petals
It didn't look real. Nothing did. Alice closed her eyes. It felt like the world was spinning. She opened her eyes, and the flower was still there. It was too perfect.
Alice reached out to touch the flower. She partly expected her hand to pass through it. She was just envisioning it. But the flower was solid, and the skin of her fingertip caught on one of the sharp thorns.
She sucked in a cold breath and pinched her finger, bringing it close to her face so she could see it in the darkness. There was a tiny spot of blood on her finger. She wiped it off.
A petal fell off the flower.
"Alice."
Alice jumped at the loud, recognizable voice behind her. She whirled around to see Whit stepping out from a hole in the wall, hidden behind one of the shelves, which he pushed in front of the doorway again.
"What are you doing here?" he asked, his voice so tangible and real, so unlike the whispers she'd heard earlier.
"Um...I heard..." Alice wondered if he might think her insane. "Some noises."
He regarded her wordlessly for a moment. His face was impossible to read in the dim light. He was still dressed in the day's clothes, and his gloved fingers hovered at the edge of the bookcase.
His eyes drifted down to the table. In a moment, he had crossed the room to stand beside her. "You took it off?" he said, and there was a subtle urgency in his voice that told Alice she had done something terribly wrong.
"I just—I—" Alice paused as Whit picked up the dome and closed it over the flower again. "I just wanted to look."
With narrowed eyes he looked down at her hands, then peeled off one of his gloves to take her hand in his, inspecting her cold fingers. "You touched the glass with your bare hands," he said. "Wasn't it cold?"
"Well—yes," said Alice. "But then it was very hot."
Whit sighed, letting her go. "Did you touch the flower?"
"Um," said Alice. "No."
How terrible it was to lie! But she felt as if she were already being silently reprimanded by Whit. She'd barely touched it, after all, and her finger didn't sting at all—she could hardly even remember which one had been pricked.
"Good," he said, with another sigh. "You shouldn't be in here."
"Sorry," Alice said. "It was hard to sleep."
He regarded her again, putting his glove back on. "Because of tomorrow?"
She nodded. It was the truth, though not the entire truth.
"You don't want to go home." It wasn't a question.
Alice nodded again. "Can't you just take me somewhere else?" she pleaded. "Somewhere away from Red? Take me to Aense so I can see the buildings made of glass! Take me to Eyves so I can see the homes made of ice!"
"Alice," he said, voice gentle, "you're a child. I have work to do here, and I can't leave you alone in a foreign kingdom."
"What sort of work?" Alice huffed. "Repairing the empire?"
Whit just looked at her.
"Whit—" Alice stopped, remembering. Whit's mother had died in the Revolution. He knew better than her the sort of damage power and magic could do. But..."Do you believe Red?"
"Do I believe she can reunite the kingdoms?" he said, and she nodded. He was silent for a moment. Then, quietly, he said, "She has more power than you realize, Alice. Don't underestimate her."
"Then...Should I stay?"
He looked at her. "What?"
"If I go home," Alice said, "I can't stay silent. I'll have to tell everyone everything that happened. I'll have to tell them about you. And Red. And her plan."
Whit was silent again. Then, "Yes. She knows. And she knows you're noble-born." Alice remembered the way Red had regarded her that morning. "She knows that if you go back then the Cerieven government will uncover her secrets."
"Then," Alice frowned, "why is she letting me go back?"
Whit said nothing.
"Whit...?"
Slowly, Whit said, "I'm supposed to take you out to leave tomorrow morning. But you'll never make it past the bridge."
Alice felt a careful shiver creeping down her spine. "She...You..."
"So stay," said Whit. "Tell her tomorrow morning you want to stay."
"But I can't support her plan—"
"I have one."
She blinked.
"I have a plan," Whit said, voice low. "I've been with Red for years, Alice. I know. Please. Trust me. We just have to do as she says for now. But I have a plan, I promise. I can't tell you right now, but I promise."
Alice stared at his face. Right now it looked so...open. So unlike she'd ever seen him before. Could she really trust him?
There was so much she didn't know.
But there was no other choice. She had to trust him.
"Okay," she breathed, and Whit relaxed. "Okay."
He nodded, then. "All right, Alice. Go back to bed. Red will want you to wake early tomorrow."
She started to leave, then paused. Whit looked back at her, still standing at the table. "By the way," she said, "what were you doing in here?"
"Oh," he said, glancing behind him at the doorway now covered up by the shelf. "I was just cleaning up this morning's mess."


Part 34

LORY
Lory had arrived at a very foreign place.
The last time she'd been to Korev had been before the Revolution. She remembered eating honey sticks until her mouth felt thick, riding a horse in a crowded parade, and drowning in silk and lace.
She did not remember a wall around the entire kingdom, a locked iron gate at her back. She'd expected the portal to take her straight to the Korevan palace, but no, she was only just inside the borders. She'd expected to go through some border patrol, too, but there was no one besides her. Strange.
Her heart was still pounding from her run. After she'd grabbed the knife from the strange man back home, she'd run all the way back to the house, taken her packed bag, and hailed a carriage straight to the palace. It had been easy to get into the palace—after all, she was known there. It had been even easier to find the portal room and slip through.
And now here she was. In Korev. Tucked into her bodice was the knife. It was heavy, cold. She didn't know how she might use it, but it was a strangely comforting weight. She adjusted the strap of the bag slung over her shoulder.
She had a way to walk before she even made it to the city, and her feet were already tired by the time she got there. At least she'd put on her walking shoes before leaving.
Lory passed the city sign, which simply read Kalea. The farthest city from the capital. She supposed it made sense—if anyone dangerous was let into the kingdom, they'd have to travel all the way up north to get to the capital.
She looked around, but the streets were empty. There seemed to be no way to get there unless she walked. Hopefully, she'd run into a train station, but she'd heard that railroads in Korev had been cut off when they put up the wall because the railroads were funded by Aense, not Korev itself.
She walked straight ahead, hoping that she was going north. Occasionally, she passed someone sitting on the steps outside a shop, taking a smoke break. Sometimes it was a group, a few young children who watched her curiously as she passed.
It felt like years as she walked. Her hands felt numb and frozen, like ice.
And she was rather sure she was being followed. At one point, she passed a man lurking around a street corner, looking incredibly suspicious. Though who was to say she didn't look suspicious herself, an obvious foreigner?
As Lory continued on her way, the man followed. Maybe it was just coincidence, maybe she was being paranoid, and he just happened to be going the same way as her. But it didn't feel like it.
The man walked right beside her, to her right, so that it felt like she was trapped in the sidewalk, between him and the shops to her left.
She tried not to panic, continuing to walk purposefully, as if she knew what she was doing, where she was going. She sped up a little, and the man followed. She fell back a few paces, and the man followed.
She wondered if she should enter a building, but they all looked so ominous. And they seemed empty anyway. Little white flakes were beginning to coat the ground, and she hugged herself tightly, feeling the knife press against her chest.
Lory didn't want to look directly at the man, so she kept her eyes pointed straight ahead. She wondered when she would see someone else. Maybe a carriage would just show up and whisk her off to the palace. How long would it take to get there, just by walking? How did anyone get around Korev anyway?
After what felt like hours, the man finally spoke. "Hey," he called behind her. She didn't like the tone of his voice. She didn't acknowledge him, looking straight ahead. He tried again, saying something in a language Lory had never heard before.
Lory breathed in deeply, the cold air making her throat tingle. She said nothing. The man spoke a third time, sounding more aggressive. She could feel the panic rising in her chest, but she forced herself to stay calm. Her footsteps began to fade as her feet sank into the snow collecting on the ground. Her fingers itched to reach for the knife in her bodice. Her feet itched to run.
But she had no idea how to get around Korev. There was nowhere to run to.
The man grabbed her arm suddenly, pulling her close. His breath was hot on her face, and she squirmed, trying to twist out of his grip. "Let go of me!" she demanded, though she doubted he could understand anything she said.
He spoke rapidly over her, and he was smiling, all his teeth showing. His hand tightened around her arm, making it numb.
"Stop it!" Lory kicked the man's knee as hard as she could, and she was glad that her shoes were made of hard leather. The smile dropped off the man's face, twisting in pain. His grip loosened on her arm. Lory wrenched herself free and ran.
She slid on the snow, nearly falling forward as her foot sank into the layer of soft snow now covering the ground. Wiping snow off her face, Lory quickly glanced behind her. The man was storming towards her, his expression thunderous.
Lory bent down and quickly pulled off her shoes. She threw them both at the man, one catching him in the stomach and the other skimming the side of his face. Then she turned and continued to run.
It was a little easier to run, but her thin socks were almost instantly soaked through with freezing water. Her feet were numb. Then they began to burn.
The man called after her, shouting things Lory couldn't understand. Maybe he was trying to help her and just came across in a bad way, but she didn't care. "Hey!" he yelled, but that was all she could understand.
Where was everyone? It seemed like all the people who'd been outside the buildings had disappeared, leaving her alone with the man. She ran by a tall building with curtain windows just as the door to the building opened and someone stepped out into her path.
"Whoa!" cried the girl, jumping back as Lory screeched to a halt.
"Sorry, sorry—" Lory breathed, instinctively speaking in Cerieven. Her feet felt as if they might fall off by now, and her nose was starting to run.
The girl looked Lory up and down, then glanced behind her at the man still storming her way. "You've got a problem," she said, matter-of-factly, and Lory was surprised to hear her speak in Cerieven-Ailthean. The girl grabbed Lory's free hand and yanked her into the building, so fast Lory nearly tripped over the doorframe.
The girl slammed the door shut, locking it with a satisfying click. She leaned against the door and looked down at Lory, who was dripping with melting snow.
The building was warm. It might have been colder than any place in Cerieve, but at the moment it felt like she was in a living room with a crackling fire. And there was a crackling fire, on the far end of the room. She didn't know what the building was, but they appeared to be some sort of lobby. There was a wooden staircase near the fire, which was definitely an awful choice by whoever had designed the building.
"Are you all right?" the girl asked. She was bundled up in thick winter gear.
"Yes," Lory breathed, though she wasn't sure if it was true. She needed to sit down. There were a few chairs lined up against the wall, and she went over to sit. She sniffed, tempted to rub her nose on her sleeve, but forced herself to just swallow her mucus.
"Haven't you got shoes?" The girl mostly sounded curious.
"I threw them at him."
The corner of the girl's mouth twitched. "Well, that was a bad idea," she said. "You haven't got frostbite, have you?"
Sniffing, Lory took off her bag and set it gingerly on the seat beside her, then bent down, stretching her frozen limbs. She pulled off her socks to inspect her feet, which had gone mostly blue. They didn't look frostbitten, though.
There was a loud knock on the door, making the girl jump a little. Lory stiffened at the man's angry voice through the door.
Sounding almost bored, the girl snapped something back at him. She rolled her eyes and said to Lory in Cerieven, "Can you understand what he's saying?" Lory shook her head. "Good," said the girl. "It's disgusting."
The man said something, and the girl argued back with him until he finally huffed. They heard the crunching of snow as he stomped off.
Lory looked at the girl with wide eyes. Her feet seemed to be thawing now, but they were still burning. At least she'd thought to bring a change of socks. "What did you say to him?"
"I just told him to leave before I called the..." She seemed to struggle for words. "...Police on him."
"Oh," Lory said. "Well...thank you. I'm sorry, were you about to go somewhere?"
The girl nodded. "It's fine, though. I was going to the train station, but I'll be early anyway."
Lory sat up. "There's a train station here?"
"Yeah." The girl shrugged. "It's pretty close by, the walk won't take long." She looked at Lory almost suspiciously. "Where are you planning to go?"
"I need to see the King." Lory wondered how ridiculous that sounded. She reached into her bag and pulled out Fritz's note, holding it up. "I'm...looking for someone."
Maybe it was a bad idea to tell this stranger what she was doing.
The girl pulled her long black braid out of her scarf, eyeing the letter. "Can I see?"
Lory hesitated, then handed the halves to her. The girl read them, then handed them back. Her expression gave nothing away as Lory tucked the paper safely away.
"You're going by yourself?" said the girl.
Lory was silent for a moment. Then, reaching into her bag, she pulled out something she'd only instinctively grabbed just before leaving. She slid Clara onto her lap. "I have her."
The girl smiled. "She's yours?"
"My sister's," Lory said, and her chest tightened. Alice...wherever she was, she must have been freezing. Her thin coat was nowhere near suited for the cold weather. "I just...needed company." Lory ran her fingers through Clara's curls. Alice had done Clara's hair to visit the Winters, and she remembered Alice complaining about how the curls kept coming out like Charlotte's bouncy ringlets.
"Well..." The girl hesitated a bit. "I could keep you company. Since we're both going to the palace."
Lory blinked up at her. "You're going there too?"
She nodded. "With my brother and my friend," she added. "We'd like an audience with the king as well." She frowned. "Though it's unlikely that we'll even be allowed to see him."
"What are you seeing him for?" Lory couldn't think Fritz would be open to visitors of any kind, especially if it was this hard for her to get to the palace, even with a note from him.
The girl twirled the end of her braid. "We want to get out of Korev. It's just—none of us have papers, so we can't leave. Unless we get permission from the king. So that's what we want. Do you think..." she looked at Lory, almost shyly, "maybe you could put in a good word for us? Maybe...encourage him to at least see us?"
Lory blinked. "But I don't even know you."
The girl smiled. "You will." She thought for a moment. "And in return, we'll keep away all the creepy people like the one just now."
Lory thought about all the dangerous people that might be trailing her on her way to the palace. It wouldn't hurt to have a little extra caution.
"All right," said Lory. "But first...do you have extra shoes?"


Part 35

RAPUNZEL
Rapunzel could barely contain her excitement. Today, she was finally going to get rid of Snow White. Today, she was going to get her prince.
"You should never go out into the forest alone," Red said as she guided them through said forest. They'd passed Agatha's cottage, the dead plants, and had to take that awful elevator again. Rapunzel was still a little shaken from it, but even that couldn't dampen her mood.
"There's a path from the elevator to the city. You should be able to find your way from there to the palace, but from here to the bridge, there's no path," Red continued. "Even Whit can get lost. So if you ever need to go out, always let me know."
"Why don't you just mark the trees or something?" said Vanessa. Rapunzel hated that the others were tagging along—even Alice, who had miraculously changed her mind and was staying now—but Red had promised Rapunzel would get to do the job alone. She just had other things for the others to do outside Ailthe.
"Well, we don't want any of the creatures to be able to find us," Red said. "It's safer this way."
"Then why are you even living in Ailthe in the first place?" Ugh, why was Vanessa so whiny? She got to live in a palace and she was still complaining.
"Vanessa..." Red sighed. It seemed like she was getting tired of Vanessa too. Good. "People are always afraid of change. What do you think they would do if they found out I wanted to help reunite the empire?"
"I don't know, help you?" said Vanessa.
Red shook her head. "They would never."
They made it to the bridge, and Rapunzel cringed, remembering the slimy insides of the beast's digestive system. But it wasn't as bad this time because Red was there to guide them across. They made their way to the other side without getting swallowed.
Rapunzel wrinkled her nose, feeling the dust in the air tickle it. Weird how the air here seemed more polluted in the less contaminated area.
"All right, who wants to go first?" said Red.
"Me!" said Rapunzel. She caught Vanessa rolling her eyes. Rapunzel was glad that the Ailthean palace was huge, so she could stay far away from Vanessa when they were there.
"A portal for Rapunzel to Eilyste, then," Red said. "Good luck!"
"I don't need luck," said Rapunzel. She had her poisonous apple.
Whit snapped his fingers, and a portal appeared. Rapunzel hopped through it without hesitation.
On the other side of the portal, Rapunzel found herself in another forest, only this one was familiar. She was standing right in front of her house. She wondered how Whit knew to portal her to the house and the Milenian Woods instead of just somewhere in the kingdom.
That had to mean that Snow was somewhere close by.
"You're in really big trouble!"
Rapunzel yelped and whirled around. She looked until she found Ruben sitting on the window ledge. He was eating a peanut the size of his head.
She glared at him. "Ew, what are you doing here?"
"Um...I live here?" Ruben put the peanut down. "I see you got an apple. Took you long enough. How do you know it's poisonous?"
"I fed one to some evil plants and they died," she said. "Where's Mother?" It was kind of weird to call Andrina that now that she knew about Agatha, but Agatha was dead anyway.
"Out," said Ruben. "Looking for you."
Rapunzel narrowed her eyes. "Did you tell her I'm going to kill Snow?"
Ruben shrugged. "I didn't have to. She knows a lot of people."
Ugh, whatever. Andrina wasn't here, so it didn't matter. "Did you see Snow anywhere?"
He shrugged. "Maybe. Maybe not. You still owe me."
And a bunch of other people, which Rapunzel was reminded of by the mark on her hand. She rolled her eyes. "Did you or did you not?"
Ruben picked up the peanut again and was about to say something when Rapunzel heard the faint sound of singing. The voice was obnoxiously high-pitched, but it was also kind of...pretty.
Rapunzel made a face. "That's her," she whispered.
"Wait, you're not actually going to poison her, are you?" hissed Ruben. "I thought you were just kidding. Seriously, this joke is going way too far. Your mother is going to kill me!"
"Shut up," she said.
Rapunzel followed the voice, crouching behind some bushes when she saw Snow. Snow was still wearing that potato sack, but there was a red ribbon tied in her hair. There was no way someone like her could afford that with her own money. Rapunzel's grip tightened around the apple.
Snow was walking calmly down the path, singing as she stared up at the sky. She was singing in another language that sounded oddly familiar.
Rapunzel stared, fixated on her over the bushes as she approached. Just before she passed by, Rapunzel jumped into the middle of the path.
Rapunzel smiled brightly and held out the poisonous apple. "Do you want an apple?" she said cheerfully, trying to hide the fact that she was about to kill Snow.
Snow started, stopping to stare at her. "Oh," she said. There was something about the way she looked at Rapunzel. Rapunzel didn't like it. "No, thank you." She walked past Rapunzel, not singing again.
Rapunzel turned and glared at her back. "It's for free, though!"
"I said no, if you didn't realize." Snow didn't look back.
Rapunzel hated her even more—if that was even possible. If she wouldn't take it, then Rapunzel would just force her to eat it.
She hurried up behind Snow and grabbed her arm, holding up the apple.
"What the...What are you doing?" Snow tried to twist out of her grasp.
"Sh!" said Rapunzel. "Eat it!" She forced the apple to Snow's mouth.
"Mmm!" Snow cried, her voice muffled, hands flying up.
Rapunzel forced Snow's teeth apart and shoved the apple between them, then closed Snow's mouth so she would bite into it. "Die already!" she cried. The leftover apple fell into the dirt, and Rapunzel had to use two hands to keep Snow's mouth shut so she wouldn't spit out the piece in her mouth.
Snow's eyes bulged as she tried to pry Rapunzel's hands away from her face. Finally, she went limp. Rapunzel let go of her, and she crumpled to the ground like a paper doll.
Rapunzel smiled in triumph at the prone figure of Snow White. She bent down and undid the ribbon around Snow's hair. She didn't deserve that ribbon. Rapunzel shoved it into her pocket.
"You're going to be in big trouble when your mother finds out," said Ruben, ruining the moment, as always. She hadn't even realized he'd climbed up onto her shoulder.
"That's why she's not going to find out," said Rapunzel. "Because you're not going to tell her."
"You know, I'm not the only one who knows things," Ruben said. "There are a lot of people who could find out about this."
"And they're not going to say anything," Rapunzel said. "I need to go back to Fable to make sure Nicolai did the job and wiped the prince's memories."
"Okay," said Ruben.
"How do I get there?"
"You'll need another ticket," he said as she started out of the woods towards the city. "But you already owe Kensel, so I don't know how you're going to get another one."
"I don't owe anyone," said Rapunzel. "I'm a queen."
Ruben laughed. "Your delusions are getting wilder and wilder. You're a murderer, that's what."
"She deserved to die," Rapunzel said. "And besides, I didn't see you leaping in to save her or anything. You literally let me kill her."
"What was I supposed to do? Eat the apple instead?" He shook his head. "You're crazy. There's nothing I could say to stop you. You're too far gone."
"Says you," said Rapunzel. The marketplace was still outrageously crowded in the middle of the day, and Rapunzel ducked past a crowd of little kids all trying to get sticks of butter from one of the stalls.
People kept shoving past Rapunzel. Someone stepped on her foot. Her hair got caught on someone's bag. If only all these people knew she was really the Queen of Ailthe...
With just a little bit of help from Ruben, who had somehow made another peanut materialize from nowhere and was eating it, she found Kensel again, who sat behind her stall, beading bracelets.
"Hey!" said Rapunzel, and Kensel glanced up. "I need to get back into—"
"Shut up," Ruben said, right into her ear. She gave him a dirty look. "Don't say the name aloud. People aren't supposed to know about it."
Rapunzel rolled her eyes and turned back to Kensel, who watched her suspiciously as she continued to bead a bracelet. "Give me a ticket."
"And me too!" Ruben said.
"You're paying for your own ticket," she told him.
Kensel set down the bracelet and got up. "Don't speak so loudly," she said in a low voice, discreetly pulling two tickets from her mouth. "Have you got money this time?"
"I'm not paying for them," Rapunzel said, snatching the tickets from Kensel's hand. She turned and darted off into the crowd.
"Hey!" Kensel yelled behind her. "Thief! Stop!"
Ruben laughed as Rapunzel ran. "You're really in trouble now!"
"Shut up!" she snapped. "Where's the stall to Fable?"
Rapunzel shoved past people, and they yelled after her. The crowd parted a little, but there was still an annoying number of people in her way.
"Turn left!" Ruben was enjoying himself way too much.
Rapunzel's slippers were horrible for running. They were half-falling off her feet, but she found the shop with the white-eyed man and darted into it before anyone could stop her. She could still hear Kensel hollering after her.
"Hey, hey!" called the white-eyed man, but she ignored him, rushing into the room where the snake lounged. It sat up quickly as she entered.
"Stop!" cried another voice behind her. Footsteps came crashing down the streets.
Rapunzel hopped over the snake and pushed back the curtain. A wall blocked her way.
"What—?" Rapunzel whirled around, but the snake was in her path, and there was someone standing there—not Kensel or the white-eyed man, but a guard, a royal guard. Rapunzel recognized him as part of Prince Ivan's entourage. What was he doing in the market?
"Excuse me," he said politely, as the white-eyed man stepped into the room behind him. The snake slithered out of sight, and Rapunzel felt Ruben slide off her shoulder into her pocket. "Did you take something that wasn't yours?"
"No," Rapunzel said. Kensel had been about to give her those tickets anyway.
"What do you have in your hand?" said the guard.
"None of your business," she snapped.
The guard narrowed his eyes at her. "What's your name?"
She couldn't give him her real name—otherwise the name Rapunzel might get spread around like a bad word. "Helena." She said the first name that popped into her head.
"Helena, can you hold out her hands?" She hated the way the guard spoke to her. He didn't even look that much older.
Rapunzel kept her hands by her sides.
"Jack! I can't believe you run so fast..." The voice made Rapunzel's heart stop. Prince Ivan peeked into the room. "Oh, you got her."
Rapunzel couldn't take her eyes off him. This was the closest she'd ever been to him. He looked so...perfect. His eyes right now were the most beautiful thing she had ever seen.
"She's not cooperating," said the guard—Jack. "She says her name is Helena. I don't know her, though, so—"
Rapunzel held out her open hands.
Jack looked down at them. "Oh," he said. "Are those theater tickets?"
Rapunzel nodded silently. If that was what he wanted to think they were, she was going to let him.
He gave her a confused look. "Then why didn't you just show them to me before?"
"Because you're scary," said Ivan. "I wouldn't show them to you."
Jack turned and gave him a withering look. Was that legal?
Kensel limped into the room. Now that she wasn't behind the stall, Rapunzel could see that one of her feet was turned the wrong way.
"Did she steal from you?" said Jack. "All she seems to have is some theater tickets."
Kensel looked at Rapunzel. Rapunzel forced herself to look away from the prince. "I guess I was wrong, then," Kensel said. "Terribly sorry to inconvenience Your Highness."
"Oh," said Ivan. "That's fine, we were just passing by..."
Kensel gave him a quick curtsey and gave Rapunzel another look before leaving the room.
"Well..." Jack turned back to Rapunzel. Rapunzel curled a fist around the tickets. "Sorry, then," he said. "A misunderstanding. Just remember not to ever actually steal anything. If you ever need any help, just ask around for Inge Andersen."
Rapunzel looked at him. Standing next to Ivan, he looked a lot uglier.
"Anyway, sorry again," Ivan said, grabbing Jack's arm and pulling him out of the room. "And you don't have to be scared of Jack, he's nice, really." He gave her a wink, and she nearly died. Then he left, to her disappointment.
Ruben poked her head out of her pocket. "Ooh, was that him?" He laughed. "I bet it was—if only you could see your face right now."
"Shut up," she said. The white-eyed man had left the room at some point, and the snake slithered back out.
"Tickets," it hissed.
Rapunzel held out the tickets. Maybe she should have said her real name after all, because now Ivan thought she was named Helena.
But oh well. At least he knew her beautiful face now.
And with Snow out of the way...
"Come in," said the snake.
Rapunzel smirked to herself as she lifted the curtain and stepped into Fable.


Part 36

VANESSA
"Everyone's staring," Vanessa whispered, looking around self-consciously.
"Really?" Alice looked around the bus, so conspicuously that Vanessa slid down in her seat, nearly kicking Wolf, who was curled up on the floor of the bus.
"Don't look back at them!" she said. She stared straight ahead, but out of the corner of her eye, she could see the other passengers glancing at them, then leaning in to whisper at each other. It was worse because she couldn't understand what they were saying.
Alice looked at Vanessa. "Are they really?"
"It's because of Wolf." Whit didn't turn away from the window. "It's fine."
Vanessa glanced down at Wolf. He seemed to be sleeping. "What's so strange about him? What are they whispering about?"
"What's not to be whispering about?" Whit looked at her. "He's a wolf riding a bus."
Vanessa huffed. "Well, that's a little rude."
"I guess you could get up and say something about it, but who knows how much they'd understand of you," he said.
She sighed. "How long is it to the capital again?"
"Almost there." Whit turned to the window again.
Alice leaned forward. She was sitting next to Whit, across from Vanessa. The heels of the new shoes Red had given her that morning, bright red like cherries, tapped against the floor of the bus. "How are we going to get the artifact anyway?"
Vanessa had gotten a little more information on the artifacts from Alice. The artifacts were kept safe by the royal families of their respective kingdoms, and their powers hadn't been used in centuries. Perhaps even millennia. So now, the three of them (and Wolf) were in Virane. Home of the Cloak of Honor.
She lowered her voice to match Alice's. "I don't know. I mean...I don't want to have to steal, but do you think the Queen of Virane is just going to give us a very important and powerful artifact? So I can break my curse or whatever? Something tells me probably not."
It kind of bothered her that the only reason she was doing this was that she wanted to break this horrible curse. It was selfish.
But she was going to do it anyway. She couldn't live if she was constantly afraid she was going to turn into a wolf at any second.
When the bus stopped at Kerr, Virane's capital, Vanessa woke Wolf and they left the bus. Alice seemed to be in a strangely cheerful mood; she hopped off the bus after giving the bus driver the brightest smile and "thank you," and was now skipping off in some random direction.
"Don't go too far ahead, Alice!" Vanessa called, trying to get Wolf to follow her. He looked anxiously around the crowded streets of Virane, and he stood frozen on the sidewalk.
"Oh!" Vanessa could barely hear Alice's faint voice above the crowd. Why was it so crowded here? Was there something going on? It was never this crowded in Phire.
"Wait—" Whit disappeared behind a tall man's black coat.
"Guys, where—Ow!" Vanessa yanked her arm away and looked down at Wolf. "What was that for? That hurt!"
He looked silently up at her.
"We need to find Alice and Whit," she said, rubbing her wrist. At least his teeth hadn't broken her skin. "Alice is tiny, but at least her shoes are bright. And Whit's got white hair. Come on." She turned, going on the tips of her toes to look into the crowd. She caught glimpses of white hair, but she had no idea how many of those heads belonged to elderly people.
The deeper she pushed into the crowd, the louder it got. The noise was almost deafening. Someone shouted right in her ear, and though she couldn't understand the language, she was almost certain they weren't very nice words.
What was going on? Vanessa glanced behind her to make sure Wolf was still there. He was, but there were a few people between them, and his eyes were wide as he moved stiffly, navigating through the maze of people.
Vanessa tried to turn back for him, but an elbow dug into her side. Someone's shoulder hit her face. A shoe stomped on her foot.
"Vanessa!"
The cry was almost lost in the crowd. Was that Whit or Alice? Vanessa looked around wildly, but all she could see was the thick coats of the surrounding people. It was suffocating.
"Vanessa!" It was a little louder this time. Was she getting closer? It was Whit, she could tell now. His voice sounded urgent. Where was he? Was he with Alice?
Someone shoved her roughly, and she fell against a stranger, who pushed her off. She fell forward, her arms instinctively reaching out to catch herself.
She fell on hard, rocky ground, small pebbles pressing into her palms. She was vaguely aware of screaming. Feet fell around her, pounding, as she was tossed around like a rag doll. She struggled to get back to her feet.
Vanessa gave up on trying to stand and crawled around on the ground, trying to find a way out of the crowd. She was only too aware of how close the feet came to crushing her fingertips. She saw Wolf in the haze of the crowd.
"Wolf!" she shouted. Someone nearly tripped over her, then began to scream.
Vanessa quickly crawled out of the way. Wolf started towards her, then turned and ran the other way.
"Wait—Wolf!" she called, hurrying to keep up with him. The crowd began to thin as she moved until she was able to get back on her feet and run.
Wolf was running off down the street. He didn't show any signs of stopping, and he seemed to know where he was going.
"Wait!" Vanessa was already running out of breath. Finally, he turned into an alley. Vanessa collapsed beside him, breathing hard.
"Wait for me next time, please!" she said, brushing dirt and pebbles off herself. Wolf was silent, nuzzling against her side. Vanessa looked around the corner. The crowd was still continuing down the street. Alice and Whit were nowhere to be seen.
They'd barely just arrived in Kerr, and Vanessa had already lost them.
"Maybe we can wait for the crowd to clear?" Vanessa said to Wolf. "I don't know how we're going to be able to find them."
There was a sudden click behind her, and she whirled around to find a door opening. She hadn't even realized the alley wall was the wall of a building.
"Oh!" Vanessa cried, jumping out of the way of the swinging door.
A girl peered out at her. "Oh!" she echoed. She said something in Viranian.
"Sorry." Vanessa shrugged helplessly. "I don't understand." She shook her head.
"Oh," the girl said again. "Do you need any help?" She'd switched to Royal Ailthean, the official language of the empire that everyone had been required to learn.
"Um, I'm okay," Vanessa said. "But...do you know what's going on out there?"
The girl's expression darkened. "Just a protest," she said lightly, though her face betrayed her words. "Why don't you come inside? Escape the crowd and the cold for a bit."
"I'm really all right, I need to go find my friends—"
"Just for a moment," the girl said. "A little bit of warmth would be nice, wouldn't it?"
"Really—"
"Come on." The girl stepped out and took Vanessa's arm. Vanessa didn't want to be rude, so she let the girl lead her inside. Besides, a little warmth would be a little nice.
Wolf followed, and the girl closed the door gently. Inside, it smelled like wood, which was a little alarming considering how many candles were lit inside the small shop. There were no windows—at least, as far as Vanessa could see. Shelves packed the tight space, filled with vases, porcelain and glass.
"Oh, do you like them?" said the girl, maneuvering through the maze. Vanessa followed, being careful not to touch anything. Wolf whimpered a little as he hit a vase, making it clink against another.
"They're...pretty." They really were, compared to the pottery common in Phire.
"They're only a gold and five coppers each," she continued. "We're willing to do some bartering, too..."
"Oh." Vanessa guessed that was the real reason the girl had wanted to take her into the shop. She wasn't judging—everyone needed money. But it made her a little uncomfortable, and she wanted to leave. "Actually, I'm kind of looking for my friends. We were separated in the crowd..."
"It's fine." The girl didn't seem at all concerned as she led Vanessa and Wolf to a somewhat emptier space in the shop, where there was a wooden bench covered with a thin white cloth. "They'll find you eventually, Virane's not that big."
"Um...it's a whole kingdom."
The girl picked up a piece of red fabric that was lying on the bench and tied up her dark hair. "It's not a big kingdom. You skinned your hands?"
"Huh?" Vanessa looked down at her hands. She hadn't realized how hard she'd hit the ground. The impressions of the pebbles in her hands were still there, and her palms were raw and red. "Yeah, I...fell."
"Looks nasty. There's a restroom over there." The girl pointed. "You can wash up."
"Oh," said Vanessa. "Thanks." She looked down at Wolf. "Just sit here, okay? Then we can go find Alice and Whit."
She went into the restroom and washed her hands. The water was cold. The steady stream stung her palms. She could barely even believe that she was here. Stuck with Whit, Alice, and Rapunzel.
Rapunzel, who was now murdering a girl as she stood there. Vanessa couldn't even believe it was real. How petty did you have to be, how heartless did you have to be to even think of something like that?
She couldn't stand the thought of having to stay in the same place with Rapunzel for even a day. Vanessa closed her eyes and let out a breath, turning off the water.
It was just until she could break the curse. Then she could return home. And everything would be normal.
Maybe her grandmother would come home too.
Vanessa shook her hands dry and exited the restroom. When she went back to where she'd left Wolf, she found the girl sitting at the bench and polishing a stack of porcelain plates beside her. Wolf was curled at her feet.
"He likes you, I guess," Vanessa said.
"He's yours?" The girl glanced up. A few dark curls had escaped the cloth and stuck to her skin, even though it wasn't hot.
"He's...He belongs to my grandmother," said Vanessa. "But I don't really see him as a pet or anything. His name is Wolf."
The girl smirked. "I wonder why. He's nice." She set down the plate she was polishing to pet Wolf. She wrinkled her nose, running her fingers through his fur. "A little dirty, though. Tell your grandmother to give him a bath. It must feel awful."
Vanessa hadn't thought of that. "I will. Do you know a lot about wolves?"
The girl shrugged. "Seen two or three before. They're not here a lot, though, you know?"
Vanessa nodded.
A bell jingled somewhere. They both looked, and Wolf's ears perked up.
"Sorry, I'll just get a customer." The girl quickly got up and hurried in the direction of the bell sound.
Vanessa sat down on the bench. "You're dirty, huh?" She petted Wolf's head. "I don't know if Grandmother's going to give you a bath. I'll give you one when we get back."
"Wait a minute—" The girl's voice drifted through the shop.
"I'm sorry. I need to speak to..."
Vanessa stood up as Whit turned the corner into the space where the bench was. "How did you know I was here?" she said. "Where's Alice?"
Whit looked at her. "She's fine. I was just with her. I think we should get to the palace now if we—"
Vanessa frowned. "What do you mean, you were just with her? Isn't she coming with us?"
"She got sidetracked," said Whit. "She's doing something else.
Vanessa narrowed her eyes. She might trust Alice, but Whit was a different story. "And she's by herself? She's eleven. And Virane is huge—"
"I said it's not that big of a kingdom." The shopgirl stood against a shelf, her arms crossed.
"Sorry," said Whit, before Vanessa could. "We'll take this outside."
"Actually, no," said the girl. "I'm a little curious. You want to go to the palace?"
"We have business there." Whit didn't say any more. He made a little gesture with his fingers, his hand by his side, and Wolf got up.
"I'm sorry, you have to know this is all very suspicious. Foreigners, wanting to go to the palace. You won't tell me why. The only thing is, if you were spies, I can't think of why you'd get so disoriented by that protest outside." The girl watched them steely. "I can report you right now. So if you really do mean any harm, just say so."
Vanessa opened her mouth—to apologize, defend them, she didn't know. Whit beat her to it.
"I guess that's how Viranians treat guests," he said. "There's no need to blow this out of proportion. We're just tourists, visiting, and we want to go to the palace to see its beauty."
The girl raised an eyebrow.
"I want the Cloak of Honor."
Whit and the girl both stared at Vanessa.
She didn't know why she'd said it. She just...wanted the truth out.
"I need it to break a curse," she continued. Whit's face was expressionless as always. Had she done wrong? Would he tell her grandmother? "I wasn't going to steal it." Unless she had to. "I just wanted to see the queen. I'd ask her for it. I promise that's all." As if wanting the Cloak of Honor was a small matter.
The girl raised her eyebrow again.
Vanessa bit her lip. Maybe it was time to leave now.
"You know Her Majesty the Queen doesn't have the Cloak, right?" said the girl. "The princess Jun-Li does."
Vanessa blinked at her. Was...she going to help them?
The girl straightened. "I don't think you're lying to me. I have connections to Jun-Li. I can help you get the cloak."
Vanessa blinked again. "Really?"
The girl shrugged. "It's just a cloak. It can't really do anything unless it's with the other artifacts, but with the Ring of Faith lost in Ailthe, it has no power on its own. Not enough to do anything catastrophic like cause another Night of Ash. It might be able to break whatever curse you want it to if the curse is lowly enough. I'll help you."
"...Oh," said Vanessa.
"We can go now, maybe catch Jun-Li at tea or something. One condition. You're not coming." She pointed to Whit. "I don't like you."
"Well...that's a little rude," said Whit. "But all right." He looked at Vanessa, still frustratingly unreadable. "I'll go after Alice. Stay with Wolf."
Vanessa nodded. "Are we regrouping after, or do I just go straight back when I'm done?"
He thought for a moment. "Meet back at the Midnight Square before dark."
He left without another word before Vanessa could even ask where the Midnight Square was.
"Well, that's that," said the girl. "It's Rika, by the way."
"Oh!" said Vanessa. "I'm Vanessa. So, Princess Jun-Li..."
"Right." Rika looked around the shop and huffed. "No customers anyway. Give me a second, I'll close the shop. Meet me outside. Then we can go look for Jun-Li."
Vanessa took Wolf outside. She wondered if she had made the right decision. Could Rika be trusted? Was she really doing this just because she wanted to help?
Vanessa didn't know, but right now her only option was to believe it was true.


Part 37

LORY
"The trains still work here?" Lory stared down at the worn shoes the girl had found her. They were men's shoes, but it was better than being barefoot in the snow again. They were only a little too big, and they were warm. Lory didn't know where exactly the girl had gotten them. She'd run up the stairs of the building, and it hadn't taken long for her to find them.
 The girl laughed, holding out a gloved hand to catch the flakes of snow still drifting occasionally from the sky, the leftover flakes that hadn't fallen with the others. "I figured everyone would think that. They do, actually. Aense doesn't control everything! Magic never left Korev. All the leftover spirits that never left, they need something to do, you know? The trains run all day, every day. We just hitch a ride every time it comes by the station."
"Oh," said Lory. That made sense. It hadn't occurred to her that magic was still so prevalent in Korev. In any kingdom, really.
"There's the station!" the girl said, pointing ahead of them. "The train shouldn't be here yet, but if they left without me, I'm going to kill them..."
They entered the station, the snowflakes disappearing under the tall roof. Like the rest of the city, it was eerily quiet save for the echoes of their footsteps.
As they continued down to the train platform, the girl craned her neck around. "I swear if they're not here..." she muttered.
"Hey!" The loud call made Lory nearly miss the last step down to the platform, and she grabbed onto the railing to steady herself.
A large, black leather bag caught the other girl in the chest, and she caught it, stumbling back and falling down onto the steps.
"If you wanted to kill me you could have just asked!" she said.
 Lory looked up to see a grinning face waving from a bench not too far away. There was someone sitting next to him, and they smacked him on the head.
"Ow," he said. He was a little older than Austin, his blond hair a little lighter and his blue eyes darker. He looked at whoever had hit him and said something in another language.
"Guys, from now on we're speaking Cerieven-Ailthean," the girl called, getting up. She looked at Lory and smiled. "Come on," she said, softer, hugging the black bag.
"You know, it's really not fair that I have to speak your language when you are in my kingdom," said the blond man, leaning his head on the top of the bench. He had an accent, which sounded mostly Korevan, but also...not. Sort of like how the other language sounded like Korevan but...not. His eyes moved from the girl to Lory. "Hi, who are you?"
The person beside him turned around, another young man, this one looking oddly familiar. He had dark hair—probably the girl's brother. He gave Lory a friendly smile and a little wave.
"You don't own a kingdom," said the girl, walking over to them. "If you did...so help everyone who lived in it."
"Excuse me, what are you saying about me?" He rolled his eyes and looked back at Lory, who had stopped a few feet away, feeling incredibly awkward. "Hi," he said again. "I'm Nix. I think, but I don't really know." He held out a hand over the bench, then paused for a moment before withdrawing it, seeing her hands twisted in her dress. "This is Quinn."
"Oh, right," said the girl. "And I'm Livia."
Lory blinked. "Errington?"
They all blinked back at her.
"Um, have you been stalking us or something?" said Livia.
"Wait," said Quinn. "Lory?"
"Lory?" Livia echoed.
"Sorry, who's that again?" said Nix.
"What are you doing here?" Lory stared. The Erringtons. Right here. Right in front of her. She hadn't seen either of them in eight years.
"No idea," said Livia. "It was..." She paused, then shook her head.
"You've been here for eight years?"
Livia shrugged. "It's been rough," she said. She shook her head. "You look so different."
"So do you," Lory breathed. No wonder they looked familiar. "Your hair is a lot longer." It was a dumb thing to say. Why had she said that?
Livia laughed. "So is yours."
"Sorry to break it up," said Nix, "but I've literally never met you before. I think I might be able to remember...Lory Pleasance?"
Lory nodded. Livia clapped her hands together around her bag. "I thought you fell asleep when we told you about home."
"I don't even know how that's possible because neither of you let me sleep anyway," he said. "But hi," he said to Lory, for the third time. "So what are you doing here?"
"And alone?" added Quinn.
"I'm here to see Fritz," Lory said. "...The king. He told me to come alone. It was the only way." She paused. "Wait a minute, if you're Livia and Quinn, then why do you need me to help you see him?"
"Oh, right," said Livia. "Lory needs to see Fritz, so we're going to help her get there without any creepy guys trying to stalk her, and she's going to put in a good word for us when she sees him."
"I mean, you all might know him," said Nix, "but I'm basically a nobody, and we haven't got papers—I don't even have a real name, and I don't exist as far as any records show."
"Not to make it all about you," interrupted Quinn, "but yes, we don't have papers. No identification." He shrugged. "Can't verify that it's really us. He doesn't do audiences. It's almost like he doesn't exist anymore. We hardly ever see him leave the palace."
"But Lory has a message from him!" said Livia.
Lory nodded. "Alice is missing." She looked at Nix. "She's my sister."
"I know," he said.
"Fritz said he might be able to help us find her," she said. "I don't know...I don't know if it's worth it. But I couldn't stay at home anymore." She looked down at her feet, her fists clenching tighter in her skirt. "I was the only one not doing anything."
"It's okay!" said Livia. "We'll help—"
She stopped. Lory heard a sudden buzzing in her ear. No, not a buzzing, more like a rumbling sound. It was getting louder. Like a—
Nix and Quinn both leapt up from the bench. "Train's coming," said Quinn. "It goes really fast and it never stops. Not even at the stations." He looked at Lory, then her bag. "Is there anything important in there?"
"My—Clara." Lory pulled her out. "She's porcelain, and she's Alice's, so if I—"
"I'll take her." Quinn grabbed Clara. "Catch a car whenever you can."
"Wait, what—"
"There are five cars, you'll catch at least one of them, all right?" He said something else, but his words were lost in the roaring of the train as it rushed behind him.
They ran towards the train, and Lory followed, wide-eyed, not really knowing what else to do. Nix jumped first, leaping over the gap and grabbing the railing, pulling himself through the open door. Livia, who'd shifted her bag to one arm, jumped onto the next car with Quinn.
Lory could only stare at the moving train in front of her. How could she know when to grab the railing? Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the door to the next car. She was so close to the edge of the platform that she could reach out and touch the train.
She stuck out her open hand, and not a moment later, the metal railing slammed into her palm. Her hand collapsed over the railing and she was swept off her feet, her arm nearly getting yanked out of its socket.
She might have screamed, but it was so loud she couldn't tell. Her hand was slipping, but her feet managed to find the door. Reaching forward, she gripped the railing with both hands. She stared into the train, not daring to let go, not even a little.
Livia entered the car. "You made it!" she said. She hurried over to Lory, dropping her bag next to Clara. "Here!" She was nearly shouting. She held out her hand.
Lory looked at it, then reached out tentatively with one hand and took Livia's. Livia pulled her into the train car, and they nearly tumbled into the seats across the car.
"That was awful," Lory said, trying to regain her composure. She brushed her hair out of her face and tried to smooth it down.
Livia laughed. "It gets easier."
"How many times have you done it?"
"Oh, I don't even know," she said. "When I first did it, I was so scared I peed myself. So you did better than me."
The door to the car opened, and they both turned to see Quinn walk in. "That was the second hardest part," he said. "Where's Nix? Didn't he get on first?"
Livia shrugged. "What do you think he's doing? Probably seeing if there's anything in the dining car."
Lory stood, still trying to tame her hair. Quinn gave Clara back to her. "So how long will it take to get to the palace?"
"A couple days probably," said Livia, getting up to get her bag. Lory sat down on one of the seats.
"This train's got a lot of champagne," Nix said, walking into the car. "I never realized how much champagne they have. Do they expect everyone to get drunk here or something?"
"How much champagne would you have to drink to get drunk anyway?" said Livia. "I could probably handle at least a few glasses."
"No," said Quinn.
She rolled her eyes. "I didn't say I was going to take a couple glasses. What does it even taste like? I can't imagine it's very good; all the rich people drink it."
"Doesn't that make it good?" said Nix.
Livia shrugged, throwing herself onto the seat beside Lory. Nix and Quinn took the seats across from them.
"What do you have in your bag?" Livia asked, nodding towards Lory's bag. "It looks heavy. Maybe we should distribute our load. Here, we actually need to sort our stuff anyway." She slapped her black bag. "What'd you put in this?"
"Everything that you had lying around," said Quinn.
"Are you sure you got everything? It doesn't feel heavy enough."
"Well, if you wanted to make sure it was everything, then you shouldn't have left it behind for us to pack up for you," he said, rolling his eyes.
"Wait, dump out your bags too," she said. "So we can sort stuff.
The three of them unzipped their bags and dumped the contents onto the floor between the seats. Lory carefully began to take her things out of her own bag.
"Oh, you got my boots!" said Livia, lifting out a pair of worn leather boots by the laces.
"I said we got everything," said Quinn.
"I thought you were lying," she said. "Here, Lory, maybe these'll fit you better." Lory undid the shoes she was wearing and slid on the boots. "They might be kind of tight, I've had them for a couple years." They were a little tight, but they did fit much better than the other shoes.
"Thanks," Lory said. "Where did all this stuff come from?"
"It's mostly junk other people left behind," said Livia, picking out a few more articles of clothing—coats, hats. "Sometimes people like to get their yearly dose of charity in." She peered around Lory to look at the folded stacks of clothes she'd taken out of her bag.
"I brought a fresh change for three days," Lory said. She'd chosen her most practical garments, though perhaps they were not quite practical enough for Korev. "And a coat."
"That'll probably be enough," said Livia. "But if you ever need anything else you can ask me because I think we're about the same size."
"More clothes here," said Nix. He kicked a few things around in the pile, then bent down to pick them up. "Here, put it all in one bag." He threw them at Livia.
"And I brought food," Lory said, taking out the little box of food she'd snatched from the Winters' kitchen. It was mostly little biscuits, and she had a bottle of water as well.
"This is all the food we have," said Quinn, picking up a small parcel. "It might last if we ration. Let's hope Fritz won't mind feeding us when we get there."
"Blankets, put that with the clothes." Nix threw them at Livia again, catching her in the face.
"I think you just really want me to kill you," Livia said, shoving them into the bag.
"Do you want me to help?" said Lory.
"Help me kill Nix?" said Livia. "Oh, sure. It'll be fun!"
"No—I mean, the organizing. The stuff."
"Oh." Livia shrugged. "I don't know, it's all basically junk anyway. All that we really need is the food, but all this random stuff we collected..." She zipped up the overflowing bag of clothes and blankets and leaned over to dig around in the pile. "Oh!" said Livia. "You brought my paints." She picked up a small metal bucket that had tipped over and gathered dirty paint brushes and tubes of paint into it.
"Livia, I said we got everything," said Quinn.
"That's what you said last time, and you forgot my best friend."
"Livia," said Quinn. "He was a rat. I don't care what happens, I am not going to pack up a rat into a bag. And don't you remember the time he tried to kill you?"
"I think it was an accident."
"I don't think it was an accident that he was trying to eat you."
"I actually tried," said Nix. "I even zipped him in the bag and everything. Quinn told me he'd probably suffocate in the bag anyway, so I let him out and he ran away."
"I still don't believe you," said Livia. "I think you just left him behind, like a meanie."
"You paint?" said Lory.
"Huh?" Livia looked at her. "Oh, yeah. It's actually pretty boring when you have nothing to do here, so yeah. Nix found me these paints. Someone tossed out a whole bunch of half-used tubes. I used to paint on the walls and stuff until someone caught me."
"Yes, and he pointed a shotgun at you," said Quinn.
"I don't think it was loaded."
"He shot a hole in your coat."
"Did he?" Livia shrugged. "I don't remember. He must have been a bad shot."
"Anyway," said Nix. "Here." He held out an open bag, and Livia dumped the whole bucket into it. "I didn't actually go through everything. I just threw it in, so I don't even know what we have."
"Oh," Livia said, picking up a small, battered book. "I thought we lost this."
"I thought I threw it away," said Nix.
"Why?" said Lory. "It's a book."
Nix shrugged. "Doesn't mean anything if you can't read it."
"Just because you can't read doesn't mean I can't," said Livia. "But yeah, it's a pretty boring book. Maybe Lory will like this one. Here, look at it."
She put the book in front of Lory, who flipped open the front cover, then skimmed the first few pages. It was entirely written in Royal Ailthean. There didn't seem to be any pictures. Alice would disapprove.
She watched the others pack up the rest of their things. They put the food into a separate bag and were left with a few extra things. The book, a cigarette tin, a small pocketbook with ripped pages and stained edges, and a—
"Is that a revolver?"
Livia looked at her. "Um, yeah," she said. "It's fine, we don't actually shoot people—"
"Where did you get that?" Lory stared at the revolver in Livia's hand. She hadn't ever actually seen one in person before—they weren't of any use against demons or beasts, so there wasn't much point to them.
"Where we get everything." Livia shrugged. "Found it. Only Nix knows how to use it, though, and if he wanted to kill us he would've done it a long time ago. We need some way to defend ourselves, you know?" she said. "That creepy guy following you would've left as soon as you just waved this in his face. Not that it's good to threaten people, it's just...It's pretty useful here. Just here. In Korev."
"Okay, stop waving that thing around, Livia," said Quinn. "Put it away, now."
She rolled her eyes and dropped it into the bag. "But if any demons come by, just run away screaming; you know it's not going to help."
"Oh," said Lory. "I...I have..." She paused, then reached into her bodice and pulled out the knife where it had been pressed between her dress and corset.
"A knife!" Livia exclaimed. "You had that in there the whole time? What if it stabbed you when you jumped?"
Lory hadn't really thought about that. "I'm...wearing layers."
"Where'd you get this knife?" Nix plucked it out of her hand to turn it around, running a finger along the engraved handle.
"Um," she said. "Someone gave it to me."
"Hm," he said, frowning. He gave it back to her. "It looks fancy."
"I don't know how to use it," she admitted.
"Just like this." Livia mimed a stabbing motion. Lory gave her a horrified look, and she laughed. "You don't have to ever use it. Just to scare people away."
"Oh," said Lory, not feeling any more at ease. Though she should have. She knew she was safer with them now. And yet...just the need for safety made her hyper-aware of the danger around her.
And out there, somewhere...there was Alice. But was she safe? Was there someone watching over her?


Part 38

ALICE
Alice had once been told that Virane was the most beautiful kingdom of the ten. Lush green land, wide, open countryside with sunsets that dripped gold. Nothing but the sound of running water, rustling wind, and chirping birds.
Somehow everyone had forgotten to remind her that cities existed in Virane as well. Though Alice could probably forgive them. Cities here were no different from Cerieve. There were no stunning glass buildings like in Aense, no strings of dangling red lanterns like in Eilyste. It was just any other crowded, dirty city.
Alice huddled against the side of a small shop, smelling the smoke that drifted from the end of a burnt cigarette the man on the corner of the street held between his fingers. He was kicking aside ripped, half-burnt cardboard signs littered by his feet. There was a red stain on the sidewalk where he stood. Alice couldn't tell if it was blood or paint.
The mob had disappeared after Alice had lost Vanessa and Whit. It actually hadn't been so bad at first-a nice woman handing out daisy crowns had given one to her. It had quickly turned violent, though, and Alice had a purple bruise on her knee. She'd been struck on the side of her face, so it was probably safe to assume she had a bruise there too.
But it was all right. It burned a little, but she could manage.
The police had turned up and cleaned away the mob. Alice had only been able to understand snippets of what everyone had been shouting, so she really had no idea what was going on. A rally, or a protest? Neither were too uncommon in any of the kingdoms now.
Vanessa, Whit, and Wolf were gone, and Alice felt very, very alone. She'd quite been looking forward to exploring Virane with them, too.
Alice stepped out of her little hiding place. She supposed she might as well head to the palace since that was where they'd been headed before they'd been separated. She went to the end of the street, picking her way through the mess left behind by the crowd. Green paper streamers caught on her new shoes, and she kicked them off.
The smoke from the man's cigarette tickled her nose, and she rubbed it. Now that most everyone had gone, the city seemed very empty. No carriages clattered by on the deserted streets. No people walked the abandoned pavements.
Alice was about to cross the street when a carriage came out of nowhere and screeched to a halt in front of her. She took a step back in surprise. The man beside her took another draw of his cigarette, unflinching.
The driver of the carriage looked down at them. Alice looked back up at him. His eyes were red-rimmed, his wrinkled skin discolored from age.
"Hello," said a woman, sticking her head out the wooden window of the carriage. Her auburn hair was escaping her braid, making a wispy halo around her face. "Are you Alice Pleasance?"
Alice blinked. She had never seen this woman before in her life. "I'm sorry," she said. "Are you looking for someone?"
"Yes," said the woman. "I'm looking for Alice Pleasance. Are you her?"
"Why?"
"That means yes." The woman opened the carriage door. "Come in, then."
Alice looked at the woman inside the carriage. She was with another person, a shadowed figure huddled in the far corner. "I'm sorry," Alice said again. "I have somewhere to be."
"Someone told me to keep an eye out for you," said the woman. "Come in now, before-" She stopped suddenly as something bounced off her cheek and landed on the sidewalk amidst the broken signs.
"You belong with the demons," said the man beside Alice. He said a few more things, which Alice could only assume were some words that weren't very nice.
For the first time, Alice noticed the pointed tips of the woman's ears. Glittering diamonds decorated them, and Alice couldn't help but wonder what a woman who looked so rich was doing in such a mundane wooden carriage.
The woman gave a heavy sigh, brushing a bit of the cigarette ash off her cheek. "It's not nice to throw things," she said to the man. "But I'll forgive you since you don't look like you're the brightest person to have learned such common decency." She turned back to Alice. "Does the name 'Red' mean anything to you?"
Alice hesitated. "Did she send you?"
The woman smiled. Her smile was beautiful, and not a perfect white tooth was out of line. "You could say that. I was asked to take you to the palace."
That seemed right. Alice wondered why Red hadn't mentioned that she'd sent someone to watch over them in Virane. But the woman seemed harmless enough. If anything went wrong, Whit, Vanessa, and Wolf would come looking for her.
Alice took a step towards the carriage. A hand shot out and grabbed the back of her coat. Alice twisted her neck around to see the man holding her with a grim expression on his face. He said something in Viranian that Alice couldn't quite catch.
"Excuse me!" Alice tried to pry his hand off.
"Don't go with them, little girl," said the man. "They'll take you to the Otherworld."
"We will do no such thing," the woman huffed. "Faeries are not from the Otherworld as much as mortals are."
"Demons," the man replied. "We need to cleanse the kingdom, rid it of these filthy creatures."
"Who are you calling filthy?" the woman demanded. "Let go of the poor girl."
The man glared, and Alice twisted out of his grip. He made a slight noise, then reached into his pocket for another cigarette. "Watch out, girl," he said before putting the cigarette into his mouth.
Uneasily, Alice looked up at the woman. "Maybe I should find my-"
"They're coming," the woman said, and before Alice could say any more, she grabbed Alice by both hands and pulled her into the carriage, slamming the door shut. "To the palace, please!" she called, and Alice heard the snap of the whip.
She glanced out the window and saw the man watching the carriage go as he lit his cigarette. The woman scoffed.
"They're crazy, all of them," she said. "Think demons are the problem, but they can't see that it's their own selfishness that ruined the kingdom-the whole empire, to be frank. You should take those flowers off your head, you might give people the wrong idea."
"Oh," Alice said, reaching up and pulling the daisies out of her hair.
"Take a seat," the woman said. "The palace isn't far. Let's have a little chat."
Alice sat down across from the woman, beside the figure who stared out the window, not acknowledging her. She twisted the daisy chain in her hands.
"So you're Alice Pleasance," said the woman. "You're younger than I expected."
Alice bristled. "And who are you, might I ask?"
The woman gave a slight smile. She had enormous white wings, which curled around her and took up the rest of the space on the seats. They twitched slightly as she said, "You can call me Mab. And that's Cedric." She nodded towards the figure in the corner, who didn't look up as she said his name.
There was something oddly familiar about the woman. It made Alice uncomfortable, and she squeezed one of the daisies between her fingers, feeling the petals bend and give way under the pressure.
"Are you going to the palace too?" said Alice, not knowing what else to say.
Mab looked at her. "Yes. But for a different reason than you." She paused. "Odd, though, to see you so far away from home. You haven't lost your way, I hope."
Alice fidgeted. Did Mab know she was from Cerieve? Did Red know? It felt wrong to have someone know so much about her. "I'll get home soon enough," she said, looking down at her hands, which just peeked out from inside the long sleeves of her coat. "I'm sure no one will have missed me."
"Of course not," said Mab, and Alice blinked up at her. Mab smiled and looked out the window. "Oh, look. Ah, someone's waiting for you, I see."
Alice craned her neck to look. Standing in the middle of the street was Whit. It looked like he was on an island, the way the crowd seemed to move around him. His eyes darted around wildly, almost as if he were afraid of something.
"Could you let us down here?" Mab called. Alice could barely hear the driver's grunt. The carriage came to a jerky stop, and Mab pushed the door open. "After you," she said, and Alice hopped out of the carriage.
"Thank you," she said to the driver, who didn't seem to notice her.
"Well, here is where we part ways," said Mab, climbing out of the carriage with Cedric behind her. Mab shook out an oversized shawl, wrapping it around her shoulders to hide her folded wings. She did nothing to hide her ears, though. "If you ever need help...I'll probably be around."
"Thank you," said Alice. The carriage rode off before she could thank the driver again, so to Mab, she said, "I appreciate you helping me to the palace."
"Of, course, Alice." Mab's smile gave Alice a little chill. "I suppose I'll be seeing you, then." She turned and walked off with Cedric.
Alice looked around for Whit, but he'd disappeared from the spot where he'd been standing. Something fell at her feet, and she looked down to see a ripe red apple. It reminded her of Rapunzel. Uneasily, she picked it up. Rapunzel had probably already killed Snow White, whoever she was...
"Hey!" snapped a loud voice by her ear. "Little thief!" The apple was snatched out of her hand by an old woman, nearly as short as Alice, pushing a fruit cart. The woman carefully put the apple back in its place with the other apples on the cart.
"I'm sorry," Alice said. "I was just picking it-"
The woman spat in her face and continued pushing her cart.
If Alice had been Rapunzel, she might have screamed at the saliva that slid down her cheek, but in any case, Alice was so shocked she couldn't do anything. She reached up to wipe off the saliva but caught herself.
"Alice!" Whit came up behind Alice, and she whirled around. Her hands hovered around her face, but she fought the urge to touch it. "There you are, I was looking for you. Oh-you have something on your face."
Alice nodded frantically, then stopped when she felt the saliva slide down more. Whit reached into his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, shaking it out and handing it to her.
"Thank you," she breathed as she wiped off the saliva. It hurt when she touched her cheek. She folded up the wet handkerchief and dropped it into her pocket. "Do I have a bruise?" she asked anxiously, lightly touching her cheek where it hurt.
Whit frowned. "A little. It's mostly red. Did someone hit you?"
Alice nodded. "It was an accident, though. I think. How did you get here?"
He shrugged. "I portaled. How did you get here? Did you walk all the way from where we got off the bus?"
"No," she said. If Red knew Mab, then Whit probably knew her too, since he'd been working with Red for a while. "I got a ride in a carriage. It was a woman called Mab and her companion Cedric-"
"Oh," said Whit. His expression darkened a little. "Well...don't tell Vanessa what happened, okay?"
"Oh." Alice frowned. "Um...all right." She thought it would be better if Vanessa knew, just in case she ever needed help and Mab was around. "But where are Vanessa and Wolf?"
"They're getting the artifact," said Whit. "Apparently the princess Jun-Li has the artifact, not the queen."
"Oh," Alice said again. "Then why are we here?"
"Well," said Whit, dragging out the word. He looked around and lowered his voice. "Please don't tell Vanessa anything. Don't tell Red, either. Especially not Rapunzel. Red sent Vanessa and you to get the artifact, but she sent me to do something else."
Alice frowned. "Something else? You mean she wanted us to get separated and go on two different missions?"
Whit nodded. "I guess you could say that."
"Then I supposed she purposely had us take the bus to that location at that time," Alice said. "Because she knew there would be a mob, and then you could slip off on your own to do what you need to do."
"It wouldn't surprise me if she did," he said. "You're supposed to be with Vanessa and Wolf, but she's already got a lead on the cloak, so I don't think you going with her is going to help anything. And I can't just leave you alone, so...don't tell anyone, Alice. Really. You need to promise. I'll be in trouble if anyone else knows."
He was leaning down, his face close. His dark eyes searched hers. "All right," Alice whispered. "I promise, I won't tell anyone. Even if they ask. But what did Red send you to do?"
Whit took a deep breath. "You know she wants to unite the empire, right? But you know she doesn't even consider negotiating peace with other kingdoms. The only way she knows how to take control is by conquest. Only she doesn't have an army, because right now the entire kingdom of Ailthe has two people-"
"Five," Alice said quietly. "And a wolf."
Whit looked at her. "Right," he said. He said nothing for a moment.
Alice sucked in a quick breath. There was something that had been nagging at her. "Whit," she said, hardly daring to speak louder than a whisper, "about Red. She's...She's the Crimson Queen, isn't she? She's the one who led the Revolution."
She didn't want to look at Whit. But she forced herself to. He caught her eye. And he nodded. "She's been waiting years, Alice. Ten years." Whit paused. "Now she's making her move. And she wants me, alone, to get rid of the Viranian Council-"
"You mean kill them."
Whit didn't speak for a moment. "That's what she wants," he said. "But...I won't do it. A massacre won't fix anything. So I was thinking...we could put them to sleep."
Alice blinked, barely able to comprehend it all. Red, the Crimson Queen. She was still alive.. "Sleep?"
He nodded. "So they'll be out of Red's way, but they also won't be harmed. It'll probably be safer. For all of them. They'll get to avoid anything that happens next."
Alice wrung her skirt in her hands. "You don't think...war?"
He gave a helpless shrug, straightening. "Who knows? I hope not, but with Red..."
"How are you even going to do it?" she said. "The Council has seven people, including the queen."
"Well," said Whit. "I have this." He looked around, then surreptitiously slipped his hand into his pocket and pulled out a small pouch.
"What...?"
"It's sleeping dust," he said, opening it a little so she could peer inside. It looked like white sand. Maybe salt.
"Where did you get that?" Alice stared up at him. "Isn't magic banned?"
He gave her an unreadable look as he closed the pouch and slid it back into his pocket. "Not in Virane, Alice. There's still a seat on the Council for witches."
He hadn't answered her question. She knew he wouldn't if she asked again.
"So," he said. "Will you help me, Alice?"
Alice thought about it a little. She didn't like it. But if this was the only way to keep people safe and get them out of the way...
Maybe it would work.
"All right," said Alice. "So what do we do first?"


Part 39

RAPUNZEL
"I hope you burned the memories."
Cecilia blinked at Rapunzel from the chair across her. She set down her steaming cup of tea. "Well, nice to see you too," she said. "You can't burn memories, but Nicolai did take them. You'll be fine, your prince won't be getting them back any time soon. Do you have the money? Have a seat; we need to work out a payment plan—"
"I'll do it later," Rapunzel said dismissively.
"Also, you should go home."
Rapunzel paused. "What, are you my mother or something? I can do whatever I want, and I can go wherever I want."
Cecilia raised her eyebrows. "Well, then. You're still going to have to pay, and I don't think you'll be able to pay out of your own pocket. So you're going to have to tell your mother."
Rapunzel wondered why Cecilia didn't mention her nonexistent father. Almost like she knew about his nonexistence. But if Cecilia was going to keep whining about it, Rapunzel figured she might as well drop by her house, maybe raid her closet for something nice to wear before she went out looking for the prince again.
"Fine," she snapped.
Ruben, who'd been silent up until now, popped up out of her pocket and clambered up onto her shoulder. "Oh, finally. Let's hope your mother is back by now. Then she can knock some sense into you."
"I'm not a door," said Rapunzel. "No one's going to knock anything."
Cecilia sent Rapunzel and Ruben back to Oskar, who showed her out. Rapunzel slipped out of the market stall and headed home.
"What is she doing, anyway?" she asked, of her mother.
"Working," Ruben said. "She has a life outside of catering to your every whim, you know."
Rapunzel rolled her eyes. "Whatever."
Ruben continued being annoying all the way into the woods and to the house. Waiting outside was Andrina, her arms crossed over her chest. Ugh.
Rapunzel's mother—or her adopted mother—looked disapprovingly upon her. "Where have you been?" she demanded.
Rapunzel was not in the mood for this. She had better things to do. "Ugh, I'll talk to you later or something. I need to go." She tried to shove past, but Andrina gripped her arm and held her back.
"Where do you think you're going, young lady?" she said. "You have a lot of explaining to do! You're not allowed to just leave like that! What's this about wiping memories? And what were you doing in Ailthe?"
Rapunzel rolled her eyes, thoroughly annoyed. "I didn't wipe anyone's memories, a witch did. Ugh, who told you?"
"Does it matter?" Andrina said, looking furious. "You hired Nicolai to do it? Why in the world?"
Rapunzel wondered if maybe she should tell her about Prince Ivan. If she didn't already know. Rapunzel would probably have to since she didn't really have another excuse.
"I'm in love with Prince Ivan," she said simply. "But apparently he likes this other girl—her name is Snow White. I know, who would do that to their kid? Anyway, I decided to just kill her to get out of the way. I had Nicolai wipe the prince's memories of her, and I went to Ailthe to get poisonous apples to kill her. I met a bunch of weird people, including this woman, Red, who isn't weird but is actually really clever. And she wants to reunite the empire and she offered to let me join her so I did and I killed Snow White with the poisonous apple. And then I spent the night in this really cool palace and now I'm back because I have to get Prince Ivan. So can I just go now?"
Andrina stared at her, slack-jawed.
"Oh yeah, I also met my real mother, who turned out to be a cannibal but then this wolf killed her, so yeah," Rapunzel added. "I'm actually a princess—a queen—an empress. Did you know?"
Andrina had gone very pale and was staring at her. "Did you say...you killed someone?" That seemed to be all she had gotten from that long speech.
"Yeah, Snow White," said Rapunzel, not sure what the big deal was. "She was annoying anyway. I did a good thing getting rid of her."
"Where did you...leave her?"
"In the forest somewhere," she replied.
"You didn't hide her?"
"I don't know. No one's going to care."
"Rapunzel." Andrina's voice was low. "People are going to find her."
"Well, whatever," said Rapunzel. "Maybe she decomposed already. And no one's going to know I did it, anyway. They'll probably think she was dumb enough to eat a poisonous apple."
"No," said Andrina again, and this time her voice was stronger. Color was starting to rise back into her face. "They're going to know, Rapunzel, and they're going to find you."
Rapunzel frowned. "Who's they?"
"The people—everyone! They're going to find her body, and they're going to trace it back to you."
"What?" said Rapunzel, beginning to get worried. "They can't do that."
"With magic, they can do everything," said Andrina. She grabbed Rapunzel, pulling her towards the house. "Come on, we can't let them find you."
"Wait a minute, I need to see the prince!" cried Rapunzel, trying to fight against her mother. She hadn't realized how strong Andrina was. Her nails dug into Rapunzel's skin as she dragged her into the house.
Andrina left Rapunzel in her room, then slammed the door shut, leaning against it as Rapunzel banged on the other side, trying to open it. "Hey!" she cried. "What are you doing?"
"Stay in there, Rapunzel!" said Andrina. "It's okay. They can't find you if you're in there. Just stay quiet."
Rapunzel's door locked itself, and she heard Andrina step away. Rapunzel tried to unlock the door, but the latch wouldn't budge.
"Are you locking me in here?" Rapunzel said. "What? Hey! Hey! Mother! What is this?"
"I'm keeping you safe!" Andrina cried, and Rapunzel heard her footsteps as she walked away from the door.
Rapunzel stared in shock at the wooden door in front of her. Her mother had seriously just locked her in her room.
Now what?


Part 40

ANDRINA
"Maybe that was an overreaction," said Ruben, watching Andrina from the kitchen table as she walked by, collecting her things.
"You don't get to say anything," Andrina snapped. "You should have told me she killed someone. I'm keeping her safe!"
"Well, I didn't know she was going to kill anyone until today when you were gone! And you don't think maybe she deserves whatever could come to her?" Andrina turned and glared at him. "I mean, she did kill someone," Ruben said, ignoring her look. "That someone is also someone else's daughter, you know."
"Well, Rapunzel is my daughter, and I'm going to keep her safe," Andrina said firmly. "No one is going to take her away. No one is going to kill her."
"Why would they kill her?" said Ruben, frowning.
"Don't you know what they do to murderers?" said Andrina, walking out to the living room. Ruben hopped off the table and followed her.
"Maybe if she claims it was an accident or something," he said. "Maybe she accidentally killed her, gave the girl an apple without knowing it was poisonous, and left before she ate it and died."
"I thought you wanted her to get what she deserved," Andrina said flatly, taking her coat off the rack and putting it on.
"So you do admit it!" said Ruben. "And I was just giving a suggestion."
It was a pretty good suggestion, but.... "They have lie detectors now, you know."
"Maybe you should just turn her in," said Ruben. "Plead insanity or something. It won't be so far from the truth."
Andrina glared at him.
He rolled his eyes. "Okay, but seriously, I don't think this is a good idea. I think you're just going to make the situation worse. It's so weird being the voice of reason, but you're obviously not thinking straight right now. How long are you going to keep her in there?"
"Forever, if I have to."
"Okay, now you're sounding like a psychopath. You want to cut her off from the entire world? You don't want to let her out at all? You know, a curious mind is a dangerous mind."
"Rapunzel is not curious," said Andrina. "She's content with what she has. She doesn't need to go outside. She certainly doesn't need a prince."
"Yeah, she's not curious," said Ruben. "But that's because she's a spoiled brat."
Andrina stared at him with wide eyes.
He shrugged. "Someone's got to say it. No, she's not content with what she has because she always wants more. Not more knowledge, like a curious person, but more things, because you've taught her that she can get whatever she wants."
Andrina clenched her fists and glared at him. "I just want her to be happy."
"Do you think she's going to be happy all locked up now that she knows what the world out there is like?"
"Yes," she snapped. "The world is cruel. She'll be happier inside, where she's safe."
"You really think she's going to give up her prince for you?" Ruben said.
"I'm her mother," she said, but her voice wavered.
"You've been a pretty sorry excuse for one." It was like a punch to the gut. "Most people don't get second chances," he said. "Don't waste yours."
Andrina grabbed her cloak off the hanger and pinned it around her neck. Her hands were shaking. "You don't know what you're talking about. You've never had children." She glared at him. "I'm going out. Stay here. Actually watch over Rapunzel this time. Don't let her out for anything."
"What if she needs to go to the bathroom?" Ruben said, looking horrified.
"You'll figure something out," Andrina said, hoping he would.
Andrina left the house. She looked around the woods. It was the largest in Eilyste—there was no way she could scour the entire place and find the body.
"Esben?" she whispered.
A moment passed before Esben materialized. He looked up at her, waiting.
"Everyone, please," she said. She could almost hear the sigh of her spirits before they coalesced around her, materializing as apparitions. "Thank you. Have any of you met anyone new?"
They all looked at each other and shook their heads. Of course not—they'd been with her all day, out in the city.
"Well, I think you might be getting a sister today," she said, and they all looked at her delightedly. A relatively new spirit of Andrina's, Millie, clasped her hands together and giggled. Being new, she could still make noises.
Andrina couldn't help but smile a bit. "Yes," she said, keeping her voice low. "She's very new, and she's probably feeling very afraid right now. I want you all to go looking for her, and if you find her, be gentle, all right?"
Millie looked at her shyly. "Little sister?" Her voice was fading a little, and it was somewhat rusty, but Andrina could still make out the words.
Andrina nodded. "Your new little baby." She could tell Millie was beyond ecstatic—Millie had been the newest of Andrina's entourage of spirits for a while now. She was evidently getting tired of being the baby. "Well, then. Go on, all. If you find her, take her to Nicolai and Cecilia's. I'll meet you there later, all right?"
Her spirits were both begrudging and excited. Most of them were openly afraid of Nicolai. The ones who weren't either pretended or were unwilling to admit it. Andrina could understand how they felt—Nicolai was unsettling in general. Most of his spirits were either very old and used to him or hopelessly in love with Cecilia and willing to put up with Nicolai for her. But all the spirits loved Cecilia.
"Don't worry," Andrina said. "I'll let them know beforehand. I'll make sure Cecilia's there." She smiled at them. "I'll see you all later, then."
They waved at her before leaving—some gave her a hug, Esben included. Millie most of all.
When they'd all gone off, Andrina left the woods. Her spirits would take care of the Snow White situation. She was scheduled for another appointment with Inge Andersen. And then she had a few other things to do.
She took a deep breath. Everything was going to be fine. Rapunzel was going to be fine.
She was going to be fine.


Part 41

VANESSA
"So..." Vanessa looked at Rika awkwardly. The other girl sat across from her in the carriage. She'd taken the scarf out of her hair and tied it back in a low ponytail. It made her look very serious. "How do you know Princess Jun-Li? Or...have connections to her?"
"Oh," said Rika. She played with a button on her coat that was coming loose. "Well, my father is...He's part of the Council."
Vanessa blinked. The Viranian Council...?
"I don't see him that often," Rika added quickly. "But I do know Jun-Li—I mean, I've met her before. So, yeah. She's usually not at the palace."
"So where are we going now?" When Rika had spoken to the carriage driver, she'd spoken in Viranian, which Vanessa could not understand a single word of.
"The Butterfly Garden," Rika said. "All the rich people love to go there." She smiled a little. "You'll see. We're almost there."
"They allow animals, right?" Vanessa looked down at Wolf. Back home in Phire, most places were hesitant to allow animals, probably because they weren't very easy to control.
"Of course," said Rika. "They love animals there."
Vanessa didn't really understand what she meant until they arrived. Rika paid the driver, which made Vanessa a little embarrassed. Why hadn't she brought money? It seemed her magic satchel contained everything but a little coin.
The Butterfly Garden was beautiful. It was bursting with life, colorful flowers of all kinds lining the thin path that snaked through the entire garden. What seemed like hundreds of butterflies flitted through the air.
"Oh!" Vanessa said, catching a white butterfly on her hand. "They're beautiful."
"Yes, right?" said Rika. "Now you see. Come on, there's a gazebo in the center. Jun-Li's probably there."
Vanessa waved the butterfly away. She looked down at Wolf and giggled. An orange butterfly had landed on his nose, and he was going cross-eyed trying to look at it.
They followed Rika down the path to the gazebo. It reminded Vanessa of a giant birdcage. Inside, she could see the silhouettes of three figures. As they approached, she could make out two women and a man.
Rika climbed up the steps to the gazebo, and Vanessa and Wolf followed hesitantly. Before they'd arrived, there'd been quiet chatter and a little bit of laughter. Now, the three strangers went silent and looked at them.
All three of them looked as if they'd arrived straight from a party. They were lounging in chairs surrounding a small table, upon which there was a half-eaten plate of biscuits.
The man, dressed smartly in a tweed suit, had a sheet of paper which he appeared to be drawing on. Both of the women wore dresses that seemed more suited for the summer or spring. One, with brown hair that shone red and gold in the sun, sipped on a glass of something dark. The other had dark hair and piercing eyes that regarded Rika, Vanessa, and Wolf curiously, almost a little disdainfully. She had to be Jun-Li. She had that air of superiority to her.
The three strangers were all young, and they couldn't be twice as old as Vanessa. It was hard to imagine how much higher they were above her in social standing.
Rika curtsied, and Vanessa quickly followed. Her etiquette when it came to royalty was extremely rusty, seeing as she'd never even had an audience with the Phirish royalty. They still existed, they just exercised little to no power. It was different in Virane, where the Council and royal family worked together to share equal power.
There was silence. Vanessa noticed that both the man and the brown-haired woman glanced at Jun-Li, waiting for her to speak first.
"Good morning," Jun-Li said finally. She spoke in Royal Ailthean. Her voice was as cold as the air.
"Good morning, Your Highness," Rika said. "We're very sorry to intrude. We were wondering if we could speak to you in private."
Jun-Li raised her eyebrows. "And why would I allow that?"
Another tense silence. The man's charcoal scratched against his paper. The other woman sipped her drink.
Jun-Li laughed suddenly. Though her voice was harsh, her laugh was light, a little airy. "Just kidding," she said. "You can join us, Rika. And your guests here. Cam?"
Without saying anything, the other woman waved her hand, and three chairs appeared around the table. Jun-Li gestured to them. "Have a seat."
Rika seemed cautious, hesitant as she sat down. Vanessa couldn't tell if Jun-Li was being sincere or not, but she followed Rika. And at least they'd gotten an extra chair for Wolf. It was strange, though, to see a witch in person. And especially one so casual with royalty. It was so rare to see witches these days.
"You know, I asked for privacy," Rika said.
"This is private," said Jun-Li. "Nothing we say will leave this place. There's no one else here to listen. You can trust them. Anyway, why don't you introduce our guests?"
"This is Vanessa." Rika held a hand out towards her. "And this is Wolf."
"...That is an awful name," Jun-Li said. "Who came up with that?"
Vanessa shrugged helplessly.
Jun-Li seemed to see how uncomfortable she was. "Well, I'm Jun-Li," she said as if it weren't obvious. "This is Cam. That's Terence."
Cam raised a hand in greeting, and Terence glanced up once. "Want some?" Cam held out her drink. "There's some champagne in it."
"No, thank you," Vanessa said politely. "Um, I actually came here because...I want..." She swallowed hard. "I want the Cloak of Honor."
Cam set down her drink. Terence looked up. Jun-Li didn't move.
Jun-Li was still for a very long time. Finally, she sat up a little and withdrew from her seat a large piece of fabric that she'd been sitting on. She shook it out and held it up. "This one?"
Vanessa...couldn't tell. It just looked like any other cloak. But she glanced at Rika and saw the tension in her jaw. Vanessa nodded.
"Why were you sitting on it?" Rika said. "That's a precious—"
"It's a scrap of fabric," Jun-Li said, balling it up in her hands. "It's hardly worth anything."
Vanessa stared at it. That was what she needed. That was what would help break her curse. That was what would bring her home.
"Oh, don't look so tense, both of you," Jun-Li said. "This is just a friendly discussion. I won't be ordering any executions today."
"Well, that's a relief," said Rika, though she didn't relax.
"Maybe you should give them drinks after all, Cam," said Jun-Li. She turned back to Vanessa and Rika. "Well, whatever do you need it for? I can't think for fashion—it's hardly a good-looking garment. You can't sell it either. Unless you're into some questionable things."
Vanessa had to say it. "I'm cursed," she said. "And I need the artifact to break it."
Jun-Li raised her eyebrows. Cam stirred her drink. Terence was watching Vanessa, charcoal still scratching against his paper. Vanessa shifted uncomfortably in her seat.
"It's useless without the other artifacts, you know," Jun-Li said. "Unless you're just going to use it to bargain for the breaking of your curse."
Vanessa nodded. She figured it would be a good idea not to let anyone know about the Staff of Liberty. Especially since she didn't even know where it was. "I just need to borrow it," she said. "I'll give it back." Would she? She didn't know how to break a curse. She had no idea what would happen to the artifacts, or even how to use them. Her grandmother would know.
"Tell me what your curse is, then." Jun-Li inspected her nails, which were tinted red. "If I give you the Cloak, then I need to know exactly what you're going to use it for."
Was she really going to consider giving it to Vanessa?
"Well," Vanessa said, "it runs in my family. But it only affects women, so my great-grandmother or something probably did something bad, I don't know." Vanessa couldn't think of how to say it. It was suddenly hard to swallow. She blinked quickly. "It's...I mean, when it happens I can't really control it and it's only happened once, but it's really..." She shook her head. "It's just..."
"Is there something stuck in your throat?" said Jun-Li. Cam held out her drink.
"No!" said Vanessa, her face burning. "Sorry. It's kind of new and..." She just couldn't say it aloud. It was right on her tongue, she just wanted to spit it out, but she couldn't.
"Are you all right?" Rika said softly. Wolf lifted his head to look at her.
"I'm fine!" Vanessa waved her hands in front of her face, fanning herself. She breathed deeply. "I'm so sorry!" She could have died from embarrassment. Everyone was staring at her, and there she was making a fool of herself.
"Maybe you need a moment," said Jun-Li. She tipped her chin towards the entrance to the gazebo. "Get some air or something."
"Right," Vanessa breathed. She got up and exited the gazebo.
What was wrong with her? She doubled over, rubbing her palms on her thighs, breathing hard. She squeezed her eyes shut.
She was cursed. She knew it. She had to deal with it.
But she was going to fix it.
Vanessa exhaled and opened her eyes. She turned into a wolf. It had happened, it was real, and it wasn't going to go away. Not until she did something about it.
She just needed that Cloak.
Vanessa went back into the gazebo, where apparently they'd been exchanging a few words in her absence.
Rika gave her an encouraging smile as she sat down. Vanessa smiled back, tight-lipped.
"All right." Jun-Li clapped her hands together, and Vanessa looked at her. "You stay." She pointed at Vanessa. "Everyone else, get out."
Vanessa watched as everyone got up and left. Wolf looked at her worriedly. "It's okay," she whispered, petting him on the head. He followed the others out.
She was all alone with Jun-Li. It felt so wrong, being so close to a royal. The air was tense, and more than ever she wished someone was there with her, anyone. She missed Kai and Hans so much. If they'd been there, Kai would've known the perfect thing to say to lighten the mood, and Hans would've had just the right words of reassurance for her. She wished even Alice or Whit were there, just to make her feel better.
Vanessa glanced behind her, watching as everyone walked down the path away from the gazebo.
"It's fine; they'll just be waiting outside the Garden," said Jun-Li, making Vanessa turn back to her. "Relax. I actually don't mind giving you the Cloak. If you need it and it'll be useful to you, I'll let you have it. No one in my family actually cares about it." She lifted it to look at it. "That's why they gave it to me." She lowered it again. "But...I just need one thing." She looked at Vanessa. "I need you to prove that you're cursed."
Vanessa blinked. "What?"
Jun-Li let out a breath. She draped the Cloak on the back of her chair and got up, smoothing down the front of her emerald green dress. "Prove that you're cursed. Prove it to me."
Vanessa just stared at her. "What—how?"
"Get up."
Vanessa did, feeling so small next to Jun-Li even though they were the same height.
"Show me."
Show her? But Vanessa didn't even know if she could transform again. She didn't want to shift again, she didn't want it to be real. She clenched and unclenched her fists.
"Do you want it or not?" said Jun-Li, every word like the cut of a blade.
Vanessa swallowed. Was it the only way to get the Cloak?
If it was the only way, she was going to have to do it.
She undid her own cloak and set it down on the chair behind her. She was cold and empty without it. Squeezing her fists tight, she shut her eyes.
Vanessa hadn't shifted since that incident in Agatha's cottage, and she'd never shifted before that. She didn't even know what had activated her curse. She tried to remember the feeling in Agatha's cottage. That nausea, that burning.
"Nothing's happening." Jun-Li's voice sliced through her thoughts. "Hurry up."
Vanessa exhaled, not opening her eyes. She just had to remember that. Remember that feeling. The feeling like...
Jun-Li slapped her across the face. Vanessa's eyes flew open, and she stumbled back, hands flying up to touch the tender spot.
Jun-Li's eyes were hard. "You're not even trying."
It felt like a punch to the gut. "I am!" Vanessa said. "I just don't know how—"
"This is your curse!" Jun-Li said. "You know how it works. You know what you're doing, you're just not doing it." She stalked closer, and Vanessa backed away.
She didn't know. She didn't know what she was doing. She didn't know why she was cursed and why she was a shifter. She didn't know how. She'd just been terrified for her life because she'd genuinely thought she was going to die—
Maybe that was it. Fear.
She just had to be afraid.
"Hit me," Vanessa said.
Jun-Li blinked, pausing. "What?"
"Hit me," Vanessa said again, with more conviction. "Please."
Jun-Li raised an eyebrow. Then she punched Vanessa in the stomach, making her stumble back, the breath knocked from her.
"Again," she breathed.
Jun-Li hit her again, this time in the chest, and Vanessa felt it throughout her entire body. Again, and again, until Vanessa fell to the ground, instinctively twisting so she landed on her hip instead of her back, which hurt just as much.
Then Jun-Li was on top of her, pushing Vanessa onto her back. She was older, taller, heavier. Her knee dug into Vanessa's thigh, her elbow pressed against Vanessa's neck.
Vanessa struggled for air. Her hands groped for anything to hold on to, to pull her out.
She was afraid now! So why wasn't she shifting? She wanted to scream at herself, even as her breath escaped her lungs.
Vanessa grabbed a fistful of Jun-Li's hair. It was smooth, almost slippery, but Vanessa twisted the hair in her hand and pulled as hard as she could.
Jun-Li let out a hiss of pain, loosening just enough for Vanessa to use her free hand and push Jun-Li's arm off her throat. She was starting to panic—she could barely think. Why wasn't it working?
Jun-Li's hands were clawing at her neck. It felt like she was ripping Vanessa's throat open, and she wanted to scream, but she couldn't. Jun-Li's hands were warm. It made her skin burn.
And she was burning.
Vanessa felt a tingly feeling in the pit of her stomach, rising from the pain. It was familiar, almost shockingly so. It felt...nice.
She let herself shift, feeling her senses immediately heighten. She opened her eyes. The pain was still agonizing, but she drowned it out. She was focusing on everything else: the shock on Jun-Li's eyes as she backed away, and the fear, the fear as Vanessa opened her mouth and let out a soft snarl.
The fear. Jun-Li was afraid. Of her.
She almost...liked it.
"Your curse," Jun-Li whispered.
Vanessa nodded, though the motion felt strange as a wolf. And her throat still hurt.
"Well, then," Jun-Li said. She went over to her chair and took the Cloak of Honor, presenting it to Vanessa. "Here you are. You've done as I asked."
Vanessa exhaled, the feeling overcoming her again as she shifted back. Her face burning, she hurried to fetch her own cloak to wrap it around her. "Thank you," she breathed, voice small as she took the Cloak of Honor, the fabric so soft and warm in her hands.
"You know, I'm not so sure why you're so adamant about breaking your curse," Jun-Li said. "Being a shifter isn't the end of the world.
Vanessa didn't know how to explain it. Of course it would seem odd to someone like Jun-Li, who'd lived in Virane her whole life. Virane was the most accepting of demons and beasts—the Council itself being a prime example. Jun-Li didn't know what it was like to live in Phire, where being normal meant you stayed alive.
Vanessa took her satchel and placed the Cloak of Honor inside carefully. From the satchel, she withdrew a fresh set of clothes. She glanced at Jun-Li.
Jun-Li shrugged. "I'm a girl too." She was leaning against a chair.
"I'm not a shifter." It hurt to speak. Jun-Li cocked her head to one side, looking at her with a curious expression. "I'm not," Vanessa said again, "a shifter. It's a curse."
"You know," said Jun-Li. "I wouldn't mind being cursed to turn into a wolf every time I was in danger."
Vanessa looked at her. "I'm cursed to turn into a monster." She paused. "I'm not saying wolves are monsters. It's just...I'm not meant to be this way. I'm human."
Jun-Li raised her eyebrows. Vanessa knew she was going to say something else, but she turned around before Jun-Li could. Maybe that was disrespectful to a princess.
But Vanessa didn't care.
She slipped on her clothes, hoping that her cloak hid most of her from Jun-Li. She turned back around, slinging her satchel over her neck and shoulder. She took a deep breath and turned back to Jun-Li, who was sipping casually from a glass.
"Well?" Jun-Li raised an eyebrow.
"Thank you." Vanessa curtsied.
"Hm," Jun-Li said, setting down her glass. "Next time, work on your curtsies."


Part 42

ALICE
"You know what," said Whit, staring down into the open pouch.
"What?" said Alice, looking over at him. They sat against the side of a small shop facing the palace. Alice had her knees drawn up to her chest so that no one would step on her.
"Do you think this is enough for everyone?" He tilted the pouch so she could look inside. It was about half full with the sleeping dust.
"I don't know," she said. "How much does someone need to fall asleep? A pinch? I'm sure there are at least seven pinches in there."
"No, not just the Council," he said. "Everyone."
She blinked. "You mean...the entire kingdom?"
"Because I was thinking," he said, "it wouldn't do much to just put the Council to sleep. It gets them out of the way, but it puts the rest of the people in danger when Red takes over."
"Why don't we just put Red to sleep?" said Alice.
Whit laughed. "If it were that easy, I would do it. But she's powerful, Alice. She's not a normal witch. She has the power of..." He sighed. "I'm sorry you're here now. I didn't think she would find us in Ailthe. I thought she would be at her home—with Vanessa, back in Phire."
"She didn't tell us what she was doing here, did she?"
Whit shook his head.
"She was looking for you, right?" said Alice.
He shrugged. "I don't know why. I didn't think she would start with her plan until later, when..." He didn't finish.
"What were you doing in Cerieve, anyway?" Alice said, squinting as she tried to remember when she'd first seen Whit. It felt so long ago. "You were looking for someone, right? Did Red ask you to find someone?"
"I don't remember," he said, which had to be a lie. "She asks me to do a lot of things. She knows a lot of things, too." He shook the pouch a little, sifting the dust. "But she doesn't know everything."
"She won't get mad if we put everyone to sleep?"
He laughed a little. "I think she'll be happy, on the contrary. It'll be what she always wanted."
Alice wasn't entirely sure what he meant by that. "But there are so many people, how would we..."
Whit didn't reply, pulling the string on the pouch to close it.
There was the rattling of a carriage, and they both looked up. The air seemed to still—people halted in their tracks to watch the carriage pull to a stop in front of the palace.
A woman exited the carriage. Princess Jun-Li—Alice had met her in person maybe twice. She was hugging herself from the cold. Odd, for a princess to be without a coat.
Jun-Li was followed by two other nobles Alice couldn't remember the names of, but she was vaguely certain they were also in the Council. They ignored the people staring at them as they started towards the palace, the carriage riding off.
As soon as the carriage was gone, the people seemed to turn on again. Noise exploded in the streets, loud voices calling out. Someone hurled an overripe apple at Jun-Li, hitting her on the side of her head.
Jun-Li froze in her tracks, the smashed apple sliding down her hair. The two nobles stood there and watched it splatter on the ground.
Jun-Li turned her head slowly. She lifted her hand to lightly touch where the apple had hit her. Alice didn't quite understand the look on her face, but it did not seem pleasant. One of the nobles, the woman, touched Jun-Li's shoulder, and they continued towards the palace.
Whit pulled on Alice's arm. She turned to see him getting to his feet. "Let's go," he whispered.
"Go?" she asked, even as she got to her feet and hurried after him. "Where? How are we going to get inside?"
"Sh," he said, grabbing her sleeve and pulling her into the growing crowd.
It was just like earlier that morning, getting pushed around like she was nothing. But at least she had something to hold on to this time.
Alice couldn't see anything around her. Loud voices and blurry images, that was all she knew. And then she was suddenly pulled out of the crowd, and everything came crashing down upon her. The noise pierced her ears. Her eyes watered.
As Whit pulled her along, she glanced behind her to see that they'd made it inside the palace walls. The guards were busy trying to contain the crowd that was beginning to pour into the palace. They slipped into the halls, ducking into a small corner.
"We can't stay here!" Alice hissed. "Servants are walking everywhere—"
"It's fine." Whit leaned against the wall. "We can just put them to sleep."
"But how are we going to—"
"You need to consume the dust for it to take effect," he said. "I was thinking that maybe we could just dump it into the water. But it might take a while to reach everyone, so we'd better put all the nobility to sleep first. Hold out your hands."
"Huh?" Alice held out her hands, looking at him quizzically.
Whit took out the pouch and opened it, carefully pouring a little of the dust into her open hands. "There. Try to get as many people as you can. I'll try to find the kitchens, maybe mix it with the salt or something."
He started to leave. Alice almost grabbed his sleeve, but then remembered her hands were full. "Wait!" she said and he looked back at her. "How do I get people to eat this? I can't just go around feeding people."
"Of course you can," he said. "I'll find you later." And then he was gone.
Alice waited in the corner a little longer. She looked down at the dust in her hands. She shifted all the dust to one hand so that her other was free; then she stood and walked down the halls, trying not to look so out of place. Just look like Lory, she told herself. Hopefully, her noble upbringing made her look a little less suspicious.
She hadn't been walking for long when she ran into a servant holding a tea tray. She ducked her head a little and continued to walk until she realized that one, she had to put the servant to sleep, and two, the maid was holding a tea tray. Tea.
Alice stopped suddenly, startling the servant a little. "Hello!" Alice said, as casually as she could. Her mind raced to find the right words in Viranian-Ailthean, hoping it wasn't suspicious that she was speaking the commoner's tongue in the royal palace. "To whom are you bringing that tea?"
The servant looked a little annoyed. Alice could hear it in her voice as she said, "To her Majesty the Queen," she said. She narrowed her eyes. "And you are...?"
"Oh!" said Alice, feeling worldly awkward just holding a handful of sleeping dust. "I'm...I'm Alice Pleasance. My family is visiting from Cerieve. I was looking for the Queen, could you please tell me where she is?"
"Oh!" said the servant, looking somewhat horrified at herself. "She's in the parlor. I'm so sorry, miss, I didn't realize your family was visiting—"
"It's all right!" Alice said quickly, hoping that no one else was around to hear. "I'm sorry for bothering you. Thank you, though. Oh—I can take the tea to her for you."
"No, that's quite all right—"
"I insist!" Alice said, harsher than necessary, and the servant looked at her in shock. "I'll take the tea."
The servant eyed her warily but started to hand her the tray. Then she stopped. "Do you have sand there, miss?"
"Oh." Alice laughed awkwardly. "It's just...Here, I'll take this." She dropped her handful of dust onto the tray, to the servant's horror, then grabbed the tea tray.
The servant blinked at her, eyes wide. "Um...thank you, miss...?"
"It's sugar!" Alice said loudly, startling the servant again. "It's just some sugar. Do you want some?"
"It's all right," the servant said, backing away a little. "There's sugar in the kitchens, and I really don't need—"
"Have some!" said Alice, almost shouting now. She lowered her voice self-consciously. "We...We have too much sugar at home, so we brought some. Have a little taste. Just dip your finger in."
The servant looked almost fearful of her. She slowly reached out a finger and dipped it into the powder. She licked the tip of her finger.
The servant blinked a few times. Alice stared at her. Her eyelids drooped. Then she collapsed, so suddenly that Alice jumped back a little, rattling the teacups on the tray.
Alice looked around. The halls were empty.
Alice set the tray on the floor, then, with some difficulty, moved the servant so that she was propped up against the wall. Alice hurried back over to the tray. She lifted the lid of the teapot, making steam billow up into her face. She waved the steam away, then hastily dropped a few pinches of the dust from the tray into the teapot. She replaced the lid, then picked up the tray again.
So the queen was in the parlor...wherever that was.
Alice wandered down in the direction the servant had been heading. She'd never been in the Viranian palace before, and everything was so unfamiliar to her. Virane's relations with Cerieve weren't the best.
Alice finally came upon a door near the end of the hall that looked...important. She tried moving the tray to balance it on her hand but ended up nearly dropping the whole thing. Alice struggled a moment longer, trying to find a way to get the door open without having to set down the whole tray. A shadow fell upon her, and she froze.
"Need a little help?"
Slowly, Alice turned around.
Princess Jun-Li towered over Alice, her head tilted to one side so that her long hair spilled over her shoulder. She'd found a coat and had one eyebrow raised. "The door?" she said, gesturing.
"Oh!" Alice said quickly. Did Jun-Li recognize her? It had been so long since Cerieve had had contact with Virane. "Um, yes...Your Highness."
The corner of Jun-Li's mouth twitched. She reached around Alice and opened the door, then almost mockingly gestured for Alice to pass.
Alice forced a smile as casual as she could and stepped into the room. It was a very large parlor, with the queen sitting at the far end of the room, reading something. She glanced up, her keen black eyes narrowing on Alice. Alice nearly faltered as she went over to the small table.
Queen Jin's gaze slid over to Jun-Li, who had entered after Alice. "Took you long enough," she said, in Royal Viranian.
"We got help up outside," Jun-Li said, picking a bit of apple out of her hair. She smoothed down her dress. "The Guard has taken care of it." She looked at Alice, who realized that she'd stopped in the middle of the room. "Are you going to put the tea down?"
"Oh!" Alice said, wincing at how...Cerieven she sounded. She wondered, briefly, whether she should try to say something in Royal Viranian, but figured it would probably make her even more suspicious. Though she looked so foreign, just existing made her suspicious. She just nodded silently and went over, setting the tea tray down on the table. She bent over the tray to hide her pile of dust as she lifted the teapot, cups, and saucers from the tray to set them on the table.
Alice poured the tea, trying not to wince from the burning teapot. She picked up the mostly-empty tray and was about to leave when Jun-Li said, "You look a bit young, don't you?" She had taken a seat across from her mother and was examining the ends of her hair.
Alice pressed her lips tightly together and tried to smile. She started to leave again.
"I thought I asked the other girl to bring the tea," said Jin.
Say she was called to do something else. "She...she went..." Alice's tongue stumbled over the foreign words. "She did...something else."
Both Jin and Jun-Li blinked at her.
"Well, I feel like I've seen her before," said Jun-Li. She looked at Jin. "You must have an awful memory, then." She looked back at Alice. "You're new here, aren't you? Haven't you got a uniform? You're not allowed to wear a coat indoors."
Alice just smiled and nodded.
"Well, go on, then," Jin said.
Alice smiled and nodded again, bobbing a tiny little curtsey before leaving the room as fast as she could without looking suspicious.
As soon as the doors swung shut behind her, she stopped to let out a breath.
Her hands were shaking. Alice closed her eyes a moment, then opened them again. She leaned against the doors. Now to find the rest of the Council.
"Why am I here?" said Jun-Li behind the door.
Alice started, making the door creak a little. She winced.
Jun-Li was still speaking. "Why not just get to the meeting; everyone will be waiting."
The meeting? The Council was meeting? That made everything so much easier. Alice straightened.
"You know what we're going to be discussing today, don't you?" Jin's voice was soft. "Whatever we decide today could cause a war."
Alice stopped.
"Only idiots would start a war over this."
"Well, then I suppose we're all idiots," said Jin. Alice heard the clinking of a teacup against a saucer. "I think it's time we did it. The people are our priority, and the people have spoken. We have to give them what they want."
"No, we don't." Jun-Li's voice could have cut glass. "If it's 'the people' you want to watch out for, then you need to take care of them."
There was a pause. The saucer was set back down on the table. "They're not people. They don't belong here."
Jun-Li scoffed. "No one belongs here. This arrangement has worked for ten years—If you think the demons aren't very nice now, think of what might happen when we cut ties with them. You think they'll like that?"
The demons...That was right. Virane was the only kingdom that still tolerated demons after the Revolution. Politically. Besides South Auvyn, of course. If she wasn't mistaken, there was still a demon representative on the Council. 
Jin had raised her voice. "You know the problems they've been causing. Can you keep making up excuses for them? Ten, twenty, thirty dead? Would you like to keep counting?"
Dead?
The demons were attacking? Suddenly, the protest that morning made sense.
"Something's up," Jun-Li said. "Almost ten years of peace. There has to be something other than—"
"Stop making excuses." Jin's voice was hard. "The Council is waiting. The demons are waiting. The people are waiting. We need to make the decision now."
"Right now?" Jun-Li barked a bitter laugh. "Funny, I thought we were holding a meeting for that. I guess you just expect everyone to want to listen to you even though you never let them speak. When's the last time you ever let a demon have a say in anything?"
"Why should they have a say? They're killers. It's a fact. They destroyed Ailthe ten years ago. I thought allying with them would protect us, but it didn't. It only made everything worse. We need them to leave." A teacup clinked against a saucer.
Alice's heart was in her throat. Her mind was racing. She'd nearly forgotten about the demons—how had she forgotten about them? To unite the empire, they didn't only have to make the kingdoms get along again, they needed the demons out. Back to the Otherworld.
"You know Ameren loves the demons though," said Jun-Li. "We're on good terms with them, why would we want to ruin that?"
"Ameren's war-hungry," said Jin. "We don't need Ameren. But if we can get rid of the demons, then we'll have kingdoms like Cerieve and Aense on our side. Then we can..."
Silence.
"Mother?" Jun-Li's voice was soft. "Mother?" More urgently.
Alice heard a noise on the other side of the door. It flew open behind her suddenly. Alice jumped out of the way, nearly spilling her dust to avoid getting squished between the door and the wall.
"I knew it," Jun-Li said. She looked at Alice, the dust on the tray. Unexpectedly, the corner of her mouth twitched. "You clever little girl. What's your name?" She spoke in Viranian-Ailthean this time.
Alice paused, then realized she was already caught. "Alice," she said.
Jun-Li nodded. "Alice..." She looked right at her. "My mother isn't dead, is she?"
Alice shook her head quickly. "Just asleep."
Jun-Li nodded again. "You were listening, weren't you?" She paused. "Of course you were." She looked down at the tray again.
Alice blinked at her. Jun-Li looked up. "All right," she muttered firmly, almost to herself. To Alice, she said, "Go on, then." She smiled this time, leaning forward conspiratorially. "The council room is down the hall and to the left."
Alice stared at her with wide eyes as Jun-Li retreated into the parlor and shut the door.
Then she turned and hurried down the hall.


Part 43

RAPUNZEL
"Ruben," Rapunzel called, leaning against her bedroom door. "Ruben!"
She heard the tapping of feet as he came running. "What?" he snapped in his tiny voice.
"I need to go to the bathroom," she said. That was a lie, but whatever. As long as she got out of this room! She couldn't believe her mother had locked her inside. That had never happened before. Maybe her mother was just going crazy. But wait—Andrina wasn't even her mother anyway. Maybe that explained something.
If it did, she didn't know what.
"Go pee in the trash can," Ruben said.
"Ew, no!" said Rapunzel. "I really, really need to go. I won't run outside. I promise."
"Uh huh, because your promises mean so much," he said.
Rapunzel was getting impatient. "Ruben, if you don't let me out, I'm going to kill you!"
"With what? You don't have any more poisonous apples. And you can't kill me if you can't get out, so ha!"
"You know, I learned this new trick," said Rapunzel.
"Yeah?" he said, sounding bored.
"It's called stabbing."
"She's nuts," Ruben muttered.
"Ruben!" Rapunzel yelled, pounding on the door. "Let me out!"
"Sorry, no can do!" he said cheerfully. That evil little thing. "Your mother won't let me. And I can't even reach the doorknob. If you didn't want to get locked inside, maybe you shouldn't have killed someone, huh?"
"She deserved it."
"Wow, then I think you deserve to die, too!" he said.
Rapunzel gasped indignantly. "When I get out I'm seriously going to kill you," she said.
"I'd like to see you try."
Rapunzel thought for a moment. "Ruben, if you help me get out, I'll get you a whole tub of ice cream."
Ruben gasped. "Are you being serious?"
"Yes, I'm being serious!" she snapped.
"Swear it," he said.
Rapunzel rolled her eyes, even though he couldn't see. "I swear on Prince Ivan, I will buy you ice cream—a whole tub—if you help me get out."
"Fine," Ruben said, sounding immensely satisfied. "Now, I can't open the door, because I was forbidden to. However, I will kindly look the other way if you do happen to get out. You can get out through the window."
Why hadn't Rapunzel thought of that? She ran over to the window, opened it, looked out, and was immediately reminded of why she hadn't thought of that—the house was two stories high, and her room was on the second floor.
That was a long way down.
"Um, I'm going to fall and die," she said.
"And wouldn't we all like that..." Ruben said.
"Did you say something?"
"Nothing at all," he said. "Make a rope or something."
"With what? Do you think I have a random rope just sitting out here?" She wasn't like Vanessa, who had the most random things in her satchel.
"Use your bed sheets or whatever," he said.
That's a dumb idea," she said. But she got her bedsheets anyway and hung them out the window. Not even close. "Ugh!" she said. She needed a bigger bed. "Why can't you just open the door?"
"Sorry, faeries don't break their promises, unlike some people," said Ruben.
Rapunzel really, really hated Ruben. She was so annoyed she stuck her head out the window and screamed in frustration.
"Wow, I'm sure that will solve all your problems," Ruben said from outside the door.
"Shut up!" she screamed, wanting to throw things around. "Someone get me out of here!"
Then she heard footsteps. She paused.
Wait, no, it wasn't footsteps. She heard horses. It sounded like they were running. Her heart began to beat faster. Was it Prince Ivan? What if it was guards? What if Andrina was right and they were coming to get her?
A horse burst out of the forest and into the clearing. There was a single rider. It wasn't Prince Ivan, which was sad, but it was a guard. He had red hair. Rapunzel narrowed her eyes. It was that guy, whatever his name was again. Jack?
He stared up at her with wide eyes. She stared down at him. He looked like a bug.
"Well?" she snapped. "Are you going to help me get down?"
"Who, me?" said Ruben.
"No, not you," she said.
"What?" said the guard, blinking in confusion.
"Get me down from here!" Rapunzel said.
"Oh—okay," he said. He started to get off his horse, then stopped. "Wait a minute, are you Helena?"
"Who?" said Ruben.
"Nobody," Rapunzel snapped.
"Huh?" said Jack. "Um...what are you doing here? What the heck even is this place? Do you live here? Why is it even—oh."
"Oh what?" said Rapunzel, frowning.
"Are you the Witch of the Woods?"
"What?" said Rapunzel. "You think I'm some witch? What does that even mean?"
"I didn't even know you were that dumb," said Ruben.
"Are you her prisoner, then?" said Jack, frowning too, now.
"Whose prisoner?"
"The Witch of the Woods."
"Who's the Witch of the Woods?"
"Ah," said Ruben from behind the door. "Now might be a good time to tell you what your mother does for a living."
"What? How is this a good time?"
"For what?" said Jack.
Ruben gave a dramatic sigh. "She's a witch, Rapunzel. That's how she has so much money to get you whatever you want. Witches charge a lot—as you know. And that's why she lives in this dumb cottage, so the kingdom can't find her. She's the Witch of the Woods."
"She's a witch?" said Rapunzel, shocked. Well, that kind of made sense. "How come she never told me? It would have been way easier if I knew; then I wouldn't have had to go running off to another kingdom just to get the—" She remembered Jack was still there. "The thing."
"What thing?" said Jack, sounding even more baffled. "Who's she?"
"It's not exactly something to be proud of," said Ruben.
"Do you need me to help you down now?" said Jack.
"You should have done that a long time ago," Rapunzel snapped.
"Well, you were talking to yourself."
She glared at him.
"Do you have a ladder or something?" he asked.
"Ruben? Do you have a ladder?"
"Who's Ruben? Is that the witch?"
Ruben burst out laughing.
"No, he's a dumb faerie," Rapunzel said. "Of course he's not the witch. Ruben, I said do we have a ladder!"
"Maybe," he said. "There might be one in the attic, but I can't get it down because I'm too small."
"Ugh! Your stupid tiny body!"
"Hey!" said Jack. "Who are you calling stupid and tiny?"
"Not you!" Rapunzel said.
"Yeah, who are you calling stupid and tiny?" said Ruben.
"I'm not buying you ice cream after this!" she screamed.
"I didn't even ask for ice cream," said Jack.
"Just help me down already!"
"Is everything okay? I heard shouting..."
Both Rapunzel and Jack froze. She knew that voice.
Another horse entered the clearing, this one carrying—the prince.
Rapunzel's heart stopped for a full three seconds before beating again. She stared at him. He was so...perfect.
Ivan blinked up at her. "Oh, hi, Helena," he said. He knew her name. Well, not really, but still. He knew who she was. "Um, what's that thing hanging out of the window for?"
"Ow!" said Rapunzel. She grabbed the bedsheets and reeled them back in so fast they were gone in a blink. "Nothing."
"She needs help getting out," said Jack.
"Oh," said Ivan. "Is she stuck in there or something?"
"Yes, I'm locked in here!" Rapunzel said, though not as snappish as before. She couldn't bring herself to snap at him. That might make him not like her. Maybe it was a good thing that she was locked in here. Now that Prince Ivan was here, it would be a perfect opportunity for him to fall in love with her.
"What happened to your voice?" said Ruben.
She turned around and glared at the door. "Go get the ladder, Ruben?" she hissed out of the corner of her mouth, not wanting Ivan to hear.
"I just told you, I can't get it," he said.
She looked out the window. "Does anyone have a ladder or something to help me get down?"
"Why didn't you just climb down that bedsheet you had dangling out?" said Ivan.
"It didn't reach the ground," she said. "I would have fallen and died. Can't you just come here and get me down?"
"What, you want one of us to fly up there or something?" said Jack.
"If you can, yeah."
"Do either of us look like we can fly?"
"Just because you don't have wings doesn't mean you can't fly," she said wisely.
"Maybe we should just get a ladder. Jack, can you go back to the city and bring a ladder? If anyone questions, just say I told you to," Ivan said.
Jack nodded. "Wait, but where am I going to get a ladder? It's not like they have them just lying around in random places."
Ivan shrugged. "I don't know. I'm sure you can find one." He smiled. It annoyed Rapunzel. He was wasting such a perfect smile on this random guard.
"Okay," said Jack, drawing out the word. "I'll be right back. Don't go anywhere, and don't die, or I'll die too."
He rode off, and Rapunzel's heart beat faster. She was alone with the prince. Well, not exactly alone.
"Ruben!" she hissed.
"What?"
"Get out," she said.
"Of where?" he said. "I'm not the one dumb enough to get themselves trapped in a room."
"Get out of here," said Rapunzel. She thought for a moment, then decided bribery always worked. "You can go to the city and buy yourself some ice cream, and I won't tell Mother that you're eating sweets again. All right?"
There was another moment of silence. Then Ruben said, "All right. Better keep your promise! She's going to go insane if she finds out."
She heard his tiny footsteps retreat. She looked back out the window, where she found Ivan staring up at her.
"Um, hi," she said. Ugh, why did she always act so awkward around the prince? She was acting like Vanessa.
"Who locked you in there?" he said.
"Um...my mother did," said Rapunzel.
"Oh," he said. "You live here? Wait, why do you live in a random house in the woods? Are you the—"
"No," Rapunzel said quickly. She couldn't have him thinking she was some witch person because she wasn't, and they were illegal. Her mother was illegal—
Wait a minute. That meant if guards came by, they weren't looking for her. They were looking for her mother. That meant it was all her mother's fault.
Not her mother, Andrina. Her real mother would never.
Everything was Andrina's fault. If Rapunzel hadn't been locked in this stupid cottage, she could have found those apples sooner and gotten rid of Snow White—she could have gotten the prince before Snow White even showed up.
"The Witch of the Woods locked me in here," she said.
Ivan paused. "What?"
"She's an evil witch," Rapunzel said. "She forces me to stay inside all the time."
"I just saw you out in the market this morning," he said.
"She made me get some stuff. She needed...theater tickets. Because...yeah. And the whole time she was controlling me with this evil spell," Rapunzel said. "I have to do whatever she says or I'll die. I barely get to go outside. She's out right now, though. I think she killed someone."
"What? How long has she kept you here?"
"Almost my whole life," said Rapunzel. "I got lost and ended up here."
"Well, we can't leave you in this situation!" Ivan said. "This witch has been controlling you your whole life—we need to get you out. You should come back to the palace with Jack and me. I can talk to my father—we can work out a solution. Okay?"
The only thing Rapunzel registered was, "You should come back to the palace with...me."
"Okay!" she said brightly. That was easy. This day was just getting better.


Part 44

VANESSA
"So, Wolf," said Vanessa, looking around the Midnight Square. "Now that we're here, what do you want to do?"
Wolf looked up at her, blinking.
They were alone in the Midnight Square—as alone as one could be in such a crowded space. Rika had to tend to her shop, so she'd said farewell and left. It wasn't even close to dark—it would be a while before Whit and Alice were back. What was Vanessa supposed to do, just wait there all day?
She sat at the edge of a large marble fountain, waiting. Families, couples, buskers, little children all gathered around the fountain in a cacophony of noise. The streets hadn't been empty for long after the protests, it seemed.
"Hey, give me that one!" There was a loud shriek behind her. Vanessa was startled—mostly because she understood that single line amongst all the other voices calling out in foreign languages.
Vanessa turned halfway to look. A little girl was wrestling with a boy over what appeared to be a small copper coin.
"I got it first!" the girl said.
"No, me!" The boy jerked the coin out of her hand.
The girl stopped and began to scream. The sound made Wolf sit up and look around. Vanessa winced, but not one other person nearby seemed to even notice. They all continued about their day, oblivious.
Someone walked up to the girl. Their back was to Vanessa, so she couldn't see who they were. They tapped her on the shoulder, and the screaming died off. The stranger went over to the fountain, reached over, and pulled out a handful of dripping coins.
The girl screamed again, but this time in delight. She climbed onto the fountain and jumped in, scrabbling for coins.
The stranger turned. He caught Vanessa's eye—Kai?
Vanessa was already on her feet when Kai ran over. He stopped in front of her. "You're alive!" he said, then hugged her tightly.
Vanessa couldn't believe it was real. She didn't want to let go, but she did, finally, pushing herself back so she could look at him. "What are you doing here?" she managed to say.
 "Looking for you," he said. "Both Hans and I were, actually—but I have no idea where Hans is. I just went into the closet after you, and now I'm here. I think Hans went in after me, but honestly, I have no idea." He pressed his hand to his head. "I can't remember anything."
"The closet...Wait, but you went in right after me?" Vanessa said, frowning. It had been at least a few days since then. "You just got here?"
"Yeah, I woke up here this morning," said Kai. "Super weird." He scratched his head.
"The closet must be a portal," Vanessa muttered. "But why did we get portaled to different places...?"
"Oh, did you find your grandmother?" he said, brightening.
"Oh," said Vanessa. She paused. Should she tell him? How could she tell him? "Sort of..." Kai frowned. She opened her mouth to say more, then stopped.
A figure was striding towards them. Kai turned around, looking for who she was staring at. Whit came up to them; he was the slightest bit taller than Kai, and Kai had to turn his face up to look at him. There was something unreadable in Whit's expression—but then again, there always was.
"Uh, hi," said Kai. "You need something?"
"Not from you," said Whit. He turned to Vanessa. "Did you get it?"
Vanessa patted her satchel, where she'd stuffed the cloak. She nodded tightly, trying not to look at Kai, who was staring at her. "Yeah. I got it."
"All right, then," Whit said. "We're done here, then."
"What about Alice?"
"Sorry, I meant you're done here," he amended. "You can go back now; I'll let Red know so she can pick you up. I just need to finish something with Alice. We'll see you back there."
He turned and walked away. Both Kai and Vanessa stared at his receding back.
"So, um, who's that?" Kai gestured awkwardly to Whit.
"He's..." Vanessa couldn't stop herself. "I found my grandmother. Except she's kind of...a psychopath. She wants to rule all the kingdoms and everything, and I can't stop her. That guy is her assistant, I guess. And I've met these two girls, Alice and Rapunzel. Alice is super nice but Rapunzel...isn't. And this is Wolf, by the way, and it's been a really long few days and I'm just exhausted—"
Kai hugged her again. It caught her off guard, and it took her a moment to settle in. He let go and looked down at her. "So how do we get home?"
"Oh," Vanessa said. Oh. "I can't. Not yet."
He frowned. "What do you mean?"
Her satchel with the Cloak suddenly felt like it carried the weight of a hundred pounds. "I have something I need to take care of."
Whit looked at her. "You know you can tell me, right?"
She nodded. She could, but she couldn't. So she changed the subject. "You said Hans was with you?"
"I went in before him, so I'm just guessing he followed," said Kai. "Because I think I remember him doing so, but also I don't. And that guy, what's his name again?"
"Whit."
"Yeah, him. Is he from Phire? I feel like I've seen him before. He didn't really have an accent, though."
It wouldn't have been a surprise. "He's been working with me—" Vanessa stopped. "My grandmother. He's been working with her for a while, I think. Since the Revolution or something. So maybe he showed up there sometimes. But, no. He's from Ailthe."
"Ailthe?" Kai sucked in a breath through his teeth. "Wow. But what do you mean, working? Like what?"
She shrugged helplessly.
"Is he nice?"
"I don't really know him that well," Vanessa said. But Alice seemed to trust him. "He's not mean."
Wolf stretched out on the ground, and Kai looked down at him. "Oh. Oh wow, it's really a wolf."
Vanessa cringed a little at that. A wolf. Could she ever tell him that she could turn into one? Maybe she would never have to. She'd get rid of the curse and just pretend it never happened. Kai would never find out. Hans would never find out. "Hans is probably still in Phire. Maybe we should go find Whit again so he can get you home too."
"Just me?"
Vanessa nodded. "I can't go with you, remember? I want to go home, and I'll get there as soon as I can, but right now I can't."
Kai frowned. "But what am I supposed to tell your parents? And my parents? You said it's been days, right? And why do we need to find that Whit guy?"
Vanessa flinched again at the mention of her parents. She would never tell them either. "Whit can open portals," she explained. "I guess that's why my grandmother keeps him around. He's useful."
"Uh, he's a person, not a thing," said Kai. "You're making it sound like he's a pair of scissors."
"Not me," Vanessa said. "My grandmother." She frowned, looking around at the crowded square. "I think he'll be at the palace. Hurry, we have to catch him before he leaves with Alice."
"Who's Alice?" Kai hurried after Vanessa, striding through the crowd. Wolf was right on their heels.
"This...girl," said Vanessa. "She's nice. She's from Cerieve."
"Oh," said Kai.
This would all work out fine. Whit could just take Kai home, and everything would be fine. Maybe he would also be able to help them figure out how the portal had taken Vanessa to Ailthe, but Kai to Virane. Maybe the kingdoms were so close together that there was just some mixup? But Vanessa had always thought portals were only one way in and out, they couldn't connect more than two places at once...
And what had caused the time discrepancy? What if...What if Kai had ended up in Ailthe? And in the few days since, something had happened? Something that brought him here? To Virane?
"Come on." Vanessa grabbed Kai's hand. "We have to find Whit and Alice now."
They found Whit and Alice walking from the palace, very casually. Alice had her hands shoved into the pockets of her coats, nose and cheeks bright pink from the cold. There was a purplish bruise on the side of her face, but Vanessa decided not to mention it.
"Oh!" Alice said, hurrying over to them. "Hello!" she said to Kai, who looked a little startled at her enthusiasm.
"Uh, hi," Kai said awkwardly. "You're...Alice?"
Alice nodded. "Who are you?"
"I'm Kai," said Kai. "Vanessa's friend."
"From Phire?" Alice's eyes widened. "You must have gone through the portal as well?"
"I guess so—"
"That's the thing," Vanessa cut in. She glanced at Whit, who was checking his pocket watch. He lifted his head and she caught his eye as she spoke, "When I went through the portal, it brought me to Ailthe almost immediately. At least, I'm pretty sure it did. But Kai said he followed me through the portal, like, right after, but he ended up in Virane. This morning. Can portals do that? Send you through different times and spaces?"
Whit frowned. "What? No." He looked at Kai. "Where did you end up?"
"Well, I must have been sleeping or something, because I woke up here. Like, out on the beach; I was just lying on the sand." Kai gestured in the direction of what Vanessa assumed was the beach. "It was freaking cold. And empty. So I went walking and looking for people, and I ended up here, in the city."
"On the beach," Whit said thoughtfully.
"Were you wet?" said Alice, who had knelt on the ground to pet Wolf. She looked up at Kai with her bright and curious eyes.
Kai laughed. "I was too cold to tell. Why?"
"I don't know." Alice turned back to Wolf. "Maybe you did go to Ailthe, but you couldn't get past the bridge, so the beast decided to share you as a meal with some of its friends, the beasts living in the ocean, but you escaped! Or you were saved."
"That's a rather far-out theory, Alice," said Vanessa. "And last time the beast didn't even wait to share, it just ate Rapunzel."
"Wait, what?" said Kai.
"All right," said Whit. They all turned to him. "I have...an idea." Naturally, he did not tell them the idea. "But for now, I think it'll be best to keep you away from portals and Phire," he said to Kai. "Do you have somewhere you can stay in Virane?"
"What about—" Vanessa stopped. She'd been about to say Kai could stay at the Ailthean palace with them, but then she remembered. What if he found out from Red about her curse? "Um," she coughed, "what about if I ask Rika?"
"Who?" said Kai.
Whit nodded. "That's a good idea. She'll be able to keep him safe."
"Wait, but the—" Alice's head snapped up, and she stared at Whit with wide eyes. "Um. But the...sleep? Thing?"
"Yeah, that is pretty weird," Vanessa said, frowning. "You definitely couldn't have been sleeping when you climbed through the portal."
"Maybe I fell and hit my head?" Kai shrugged.
"It won't be a problem," said Whit. "You'll be perfectly safe here," he said to Kai. He glanced down at Alice. "It won't be a problem." Something seemed to register in Alice's eyes, and she gave a nod.
"Okay," Vanessa said. It seemed like they were confident in this. And maybe they were right; after all, now that she had the Cloak of Honor, Red wasn't going to bother Virane anymore. There was nothing more Red wanted here. Kai would be safe here.
Vanessa looked at Kai. "Are you okay with it? Like, staying here?"
Kai scratched his head and adjusted his glasses. "Sure? I guess? I'm kind of worried about Hans, though."
"Well, he's more sensible than you," Vanessa said. "So he probably didn't follow."
"Someone else?" said Whit.
"My brother," Kai said. "I thought he went through the portal after me. But maybe not. He's also smarter, so maybe if he did go after me, he woke up first and already found a way home. Yeah. He's probably fine."
And Vanessa had to believe that. She couldn't fathom anything else. There was no way Hans could be anywhere else. He couldn't be in any other of the seven kingdoms around the world. He had to be safe at home, in Phire. He had to be.
"All right," Vanessa said, sucking in a breath. "Let's go find Rika."


Part 45

LORY
"Okay, then tell me about the new Winters baby you mentioned," said Livia. "You said his name was..."
"Leopold," said Lory, obediently sitting still. Livia's gentle fingers raked through her hair, pulling out small strands as she plaited it into a braid. "He's three."
"Wow." Livia reached for one of the pale ribbons spread out on the seat. "That makes Henry exactly twenty years older than him!"
"Who's Henry again?" said Nix, who was stretched out across two seats and propped up against Quinn's side. He was carving a small piece of wood with a tiny knife. He brushed wooden flakes off the train seat. "Sorry, my memory is awful."
"Winters," Livia clarified. "The eldest. He's the guy Quinn almost killed? When he pushed him into the River Auren."
"I didn't push him," Quinn said. He'd been staring out the window, and now turned his head to look at Livia. "It was an accident."
"An accidental push is still a push," said Livia.
"Oh," said Nix. He carved off a thin strip of wood and flicked it away. "I think I remember him, but I might be wrong—wait a minute, how do I remember someone if I've never met them? Does it work like that?"
"Maybe," said Livia. She fell silent as she focused on her work.
"You speak Cerieven-Ailthean well," Lory noted, watching Nix flick away wood chips.
"That's what eight years with these idiots does," said Nix. "I speak Lower Korevan. They say it sounds like Aensen." Which made sense, sort of, considering the Lower Korevan cities were along the Aensen border.
"Cerieven-Ailthean is a lot easier to learn than Lower Korevan," Livia said. "Lower Korevan is basically gibberish—it's what happens when you smash together Higher Korevan, Aensen, and Milenese."
"Speak for yourself!" said Nix. "Try learning another language like Cerieven when you've only heard one language your entire life. At least you and Quinn already knew multiple languages."
"I've probably forgotten all the other ones anyway," Livia said. Lory felt her begin to secure the braids onto Lory's scalp. "You sit so still, Lory." Livia pulled on the end of the ribbon. "You're like a mannequin."
"It's heavy," Lory said, reaching up to feel the braids. They sat tight against her head, a crown taped down by white ribbons.
"It's strong," Livia said. "It'll stay out of your face, and no one can rip your hair out!"
Lory frowned. "Has anyone ripped out your hair before?"
"Um, just a little." At Lory's horrified expression, she quickly added, "Just a little bit! It hurt, but it's okay, it was just once."
"A little bit meaning almost half your head?" said Quinn.
"Wow, you don't have to call me out," Livia said. She rolled her eyes. "You're just making Lory feel wor—"
A loud thump echoed outside the car.
They all froze. Nix sat up.
"Maybe a champagne bottle fell over," Livia said.
"We just passed by a station," Quinn said. "Someone must have jumped on."
"Uh, it sounded like more than just someone." Livia got up. "I'll go see if they're friendly—"
"No, I'll go. Sit down." Quinn stood, and Livia sat back down, glowering. "You three wait here. Make sure no one else gets in the car."
Pushing the door open slowly so that it didn't make a noise, Quinn slipped out.
"It's probably just some people hitching a ride, like us," Livia said.
Nix got up and leaned against the door. "It's fine," he said. He was still holding the small carving knife, one finger pressed flat against the door. Waiting. "Just sit still."
Lory's heart was in her throat. Clara was sitting on the seat beside her. She picked up the doll and hugged her tightly. The porcelain was hard and cold.
After a moment, there was a soft knocking. "Let me in," said Quinn.
Nix got off the door and opened it, letting Quinn step back inside.
"Is there—" began Livia.
"There are four of them," he said. "And four of us, nice of them to make it equal. One of them has a gun. Two of them have knives. I don't know what the other has."
Guns? Knives?
Livia muttered a curse. "Are we just going to sit in here, then?"
"Are they...are they following us?" Lory said. Were they following her?
"I don't think they're after you, Lory," said Quinn, catching her meaning. "They're after us."
Lory blinked. "Why would they—"
"Wait a minute, are these the ones who want our heads because we stole their rooms at the Quarterly Inn?" said Livia. "Come on. There are other places to sleep at night."
"I think—"
There was a banging on the door. It rattled a bit, then flung open. Lory barely had time to see who was on the other side when Nix kicked the door shut. Their fingers were caught in the doorframe, and there was a horrible howling.
"I guess they're not going to even try to be civil," said Nix.
Livia was digging madly through the bags. "Here!" She tossed Nix the revolver, which she caught with his free hand. He cocked the gun, then reached for the door.
"You're going to kill them?" Lory gasped. She could just imagine the scene when Nix opened the door—blood spurting from bullet wounds, staining the walls and floor. The thump of a body hitting the ground—
Nix glanced at her. "Oh, hell," he said. "I won't kill anyone, promise. Grab the stuff."
"Grab the—?" Lory looked around wildly to see that Livia and Quinn had already sprung into action, shoving things into their bags.
"We're getting off this train," Livia said. "We can't stay with those murdering psychos on it. We'll get to Sayah as fast as possible, I promise you, but right now we need to get off."
"Ready?" said Nix. "Get off the train as fast as you can.
"Ready," said Quinn.
"I'm not ready, but whatever," said Livia.
"I—" Lory began.
Nix flung the door open. A loud, metallic bang resounded in the train, accompanied by the sound of a wounded cry. Lory flinched at the noise.
She couldn't see what happened outside the door, and she was glad of it. There were loud and muffled thumps, flecks of blood on Nix's shoes. Strangled noises—then silence.
"Let's go," he said, striding out of the room. Lory moved towards the door, catching sight of the man's body on the floor. The body was still, unmoving. Blood looked like paint splatters. She quickly turned her head, wishing she hadn't seen it.
Quinn and Livia easily stepped over the man. "Come on!" Livia said. "We have to get out." She reached out and grabbed Lory's free hand, the hand that wasn't holding Clara.
Not looking down again, Lory leapt over the man and hurried down the train.
"Watch out!" Nix said. "They're coming this way."
They were in the dining car, the tables all set for two. There were glasses, napkins, spoons, and forks atop clean white tablecloths.
Livia let go of Lory. Lory's hand grasped at empty air. She hugged Clara tight, looking for a way out. There was a man running towards them.
Bang.
Red spurted from the man's thigh. Lory watched his face contort in pain as he fell to one knee, hands pressed against the wound.
Yelling in a foreign language—there were two others behind him.
Bang. Lory couldn't help but flinch. It missed.
Bang, bang, bang—The shots in rapid succession almost made her heart stop. Nix smacked the gun against the wall, then tossed it at Quinn without a word.
The wounded man limped forward with his companions. They looked like demons rising from the Otherworld, and Lory had to bite her tongue to keep herself from crying out in terror.
Quinn was muttering curses as he dropped to his knees, shaking hands digging in the bag for the cigarette tin. He pulled off the lid, pouring bullets onto the ground.
Nix had grabbed a champagne bottle off one of the tables, throwing it towards the three men. It shattered in an explosion of glass and foaming champagne.
"Get away from me!" Livia screamed, grabbing a champagne bottle. She smashed it across one of the men's faces, and he collapsed to the floor.
Lory was on her knees, hugging Clara and praying she wouldn't die. A bullet skinned past her, and she screamed as it carved a ragged hole in the floor. She scrambled out of the way, crawling underneath a table.
Broken glass littered the floor. A limp hand was outstretched, reaching for something. Quinn was muttering to himself, metal clanking as he tried to reload the revolver.
Livia was screaming something. Glass exploded like artillery shells. An unfamiliar foot stepped in front of Lory.
Before she could even think, Lory's hand shot up and grabbed the knife in her bodice. Bracing herself, she drove the knife into the foot as hard as she could. It was harder than she thought—she felt the layers of cloth, skin, and muscle give way, then she yanked it out.
A cry of pain, more screaming—click—bang—a thump, the crunch of glass—silence.
There was nothing but the sound of heavy breathing.
Lory crawled out from beneath the table, careful to avoid any glass. She shakily got to her feet to survey the damage, her grip still tight on Clara and the dripping knife.
She couldn't look at the three men lying still on the floor—she hated the way their bodies were so stiff, so unnatural, hated the blood that stained their clothes.
Livia sniffed. "Ow..."
Lory glanced over at her. She was sitting on the floor, one leg outstretched. Blood ran from it.
Quinn hurried over to her. "What did you do?" he said.
"What did I do?" she snapped. "You mean, what did those idiots do? They were trying to kill—Ow, don't touch it!"
"It looks bad," he said. "We need to look at that—"
"We should get off, too," said Nix. "It's safer when we're not confined in the train. And they might get up soon." He gestured around at the fallen figures.
"Fine," said Quinn. "Are we nearing a station?"
"Right here."
"How are you going to get me off?" Livia narrowed her eyes at them.
"We'll manage," he said, narrowing his eyes. "Let's hope you're light."
They managed to all get off the train. Lory didn't land properly, nearly skinning her knees, but that was hardly a concern.
"Stop holding me so tightly!" Livia said. She had one arm around Quinn's shoulders and was limping down the station.
"You're the one holding me tightly!" he said. "We need to find a place to stop."
"Yes, and yelling at each other isn't going to make that happen quicker," said Nix. He looked at Lory, walking alongside him. "Are you all right?"
She nodded wordlessly, picking tiny pebbles out of her palms. She tried to erase the images of those men, lying still. They weren't dead. They weren't dead.
"Here's good enough." Nix ducked under what appeared to have once been a grille. The whole bottom half of it seemed to have blown off. They followed him into a wide, empty space. It looked like a warehouse—smelled like one, too.
"I hope you learned how to actually bandage someone," Livia said. She pulled at the fabric of her pants, sticky with blood. "Last time you did it you almost made my arm fall off."
"Well, try not to get injured, then!" Quinn said. "I'm not a nurse; you can't expect me to know everything."
"As if I try to get hurt all the time—"
"I can do it," Lory said quietly. She couldn't take her eyes off Livia's leg. It was so...red. Did blood really look like that? She'd never seen so much of it all at once.
Livia looked up at her, eyes brightening. "You know how to bandage a limb?"
Lory nodded slightly. "I can do it," she said again. Could she? She'd read about it, but she'd never done it herself before.
"Of course you can," Livia said. She smacked Quinn on the arm. "Get out of the way, let Lory do it."
Quinn handed Lory the bag. "First aid stuff is in there."
Lory knelt down to look into the bag. Her hand grazed something cold and hard. A metal box—she pulled it out and pried it open. Inside, there was a roll of bandages. They were white, or rather, used to be white. Dirt and dust marred the once-clean surface.
Lory looked up at Livia, opening her mouth to speak. Nix had knelt down beside Livia, his whittling knife in hand.
"What are you doing?"
Nix looked up at her, then at the knife. "Oh," he said. "The blood's too sticky, I've got to cut off the fabric—"
"I'll do it." Lory surprised herself by reaching out and taking the knife from Nix's hand. He blinked at her. "Is there fresh water?"
"Yeah, in this bag—" Nix reached for it.
"That's our drinking water," Lory said. "Do you think you can find a fountain around here?"
"Uh, maybe?" said Nix. "Guess I'll go look." He got to his feet, said something to Quinn that Lory couldn't understand, then left.
When he was gone, Lory went over to Livia's outstretched leg. Blood was beginning to pool on the ground below it. Using her nails, she picked at the fabric a little.
"Ow." Livia winced.
"Sorry," Lory muttered. She looked up at Quinn, who was still there, watching with wide eyes. "Can you not?" she said.
"Huh?" Quinn gave her a blank look.
"At least turn around." He still looked confused. "I'm going to cut off the fabric," Lory said. "So turn around."
"Oh," he said.
"It's fine," said Livia. "We've seen each other up and down—"
"Well, not this time," Lory said.
"Oh," said Quinn again. "I'll go help Nix, then." He ran off.
Livia laughed weakly. "Now I know how to get rid of Quinn when I want to."
Lory tensed. Her hand was starting to shake. She forced it still. She brought the knife towards Livia's leg. What if she slipped? What if she made the injury worse?
Lory exhaled. She lifted her eyes to look at Livia. Livia was staring back at her with her dark gaze. Her eyes were so familiar, yet Lory hadn't seen them for so long it felt like she was looking at a distant memory.
"Are you okay?" said Livia. Her eyebrows wrinkled in concern and she reached for Lory's hand holding the knife. "I can do it—"
"I've got it." Lory squared herself. Before she could hesitate further, she swiped the knife across the fabric. Livia sucked in a breath, and Lory's heart stopped.
"I'm okay!" Livia said quickly. "It's fine." She grabbed the open flaps of fabric and ripped them apart, as far up as she could go. Blood was starting to dry and cake on her skin. Lory almost wanted to throw up.
"Ew," said Nix, stepping back into the building with a bucket of water. Lory didn't even know where he'd gotten the bucket.
"That was fast," Livia said.
"Yeah, there's a fountain nearby. We're in luck." Nix set the bucket on the ground, splashing a little.
Lory nodded, pulling the bucket towards her. "Thank you."
"Quinn's looking for a way to get to the capital from here," Nix said. "We'll be back." He left again.
Lory took a deep breath. "Do you think you can sacrifice something to clean the wound with? A cloth?"
Livia reached for the bag of clothes. "Probably," she said. She pulled out one of the thin blankets and held it out to Lory. "You can cut a strip from it."
Lory dutifully did so. It took her a moment before she could get the knife to cut through the fabric, but she finally managed to get a strip of it, albeit a crooked and jagged one.
She cleaned the strip and her hands in the water, then gently pressed it against Livia's leg. She couldn't tell where the wound was exactly, but she knew it was high up on Livia's thigh.
"Have you done this before?" Livia said. She was watching Lory intently. Lory felt like she was being scrutinized with every movement.
"No," she admitted. "But I've also never jumped on and off a train before."
Livia smiled a little. "Well, I'm honored to be your lab rat." She winced a little. "Ow, that's cold."
"Sorry," Lory said instinctively, lifting the cloth.
"It's fine," Livia said. "I've had worse."
That didn't help. Lory moved up Livia's leg, carefully pressing the cloth against her skin.
"In fact, I feel kind of numb."
Lory stopped. She looked up. "That's not a good sign."
"Oh," Livia said. "I mean, I do feel it. I mean, it hurts. But not that much."
Silently, Lory went back to cleaning the wound. The blood was slowly coming off, and now she could see the cut—a long, deep gash, running from the top of Livia's thigh almost all the way down to her knee.
"You're a lot braver than I am," she said quietly.
"Hm?" Livia looked at her.
"I'd never be able to survive out here on my own."
Livia was silent for a moment. "I wasn't on my own. You're not on your own either."
"I didn't even do anything," Lory said, not looking at Livia's face. "I hid under a table with my little sister's doll. Like a coward."
"You're not a coward," said Livia gently. "You just don't want to die. I don't think that's being a coward—I think that's being a reasonable person."
"Even so..." Lory trailed off. She didn't feel any better.


Part 46

ctrl+f will be your best friend because I am too lazy to update the glossary as new things show up, so everything is here at once, but there are no real spoilers
* * *
Aense [IENS] — southeastern kingdom, southern part of the Korevan Territory
Agatha — a cannibalistic witch cursed with old age
Ailthe [AYLTH] — Virailthean kingdom, capital of the Ten Kingdoms; ruined and uninhabitable after the Ailthean Revolution
Ailthean Empire, the — see the Ten Kingdoms of Ailthe
Ailthean, Common — Ailthean dialect originating from Nien
Ailthean, Royal — the official language of Ailthe and the Ailthean Empire
Ameren [uh-MEER-en] — northeastern island kingdom
Andersen — Eyven family living in Eilyste
Andersen, Frida — Inge's deceased mother
Andersen, Inge — one of Andrina's clients; Jack and Jill's mother
Andersen, Jack — Ivan's guard and best friend
Andersen, Jillian (Jill) — Jack's younger sister
Annore — royal house of Auvyn
of Annore, Amabel — queen of South Auvyn
of Annore, Ambrose — Amoret's youngest son; Austin's best friend
of Annore, Amelie — former queen of Central Auvyn; deceased
of Annore, Amoret —  queen of North Auvyn
of Annore, Ava — Amoret's daughter
of Annore, Theresa — Amoret's daughter; Thomas's twin sister
of Annore, Thomas — Amoret's son; Theresa's twin brother
Artifacts, the — objects with the power of the Fates: the Crown of Faith, the Cloak of Honor, the Chains of Liberty, the Ring of Love, the Staff of Liberty
Auren River, the [OR-en] — river that runs just outside of Ausra
Ausra [OZ-ra] — current capital of Cerieve
Auvish, Royal — official language of North and South Auvyn
Auvish, Ancient — 1. someone with pure Otherworldly blood (a winged faerie); 2. the dead language spoken by Ancient Auvish faeries
Auvish, Ferryman's — an old Auvish dialect
Auvyn [AW-vin] —  southwestern kingdom; largest kingdom; home to faeries
Auvyn, Central — central part of Auvyn; formerly ruled by Amelie, currently unclaimed and home to mostly exiled faeries
Auvyn, North — northern part of Auvyn; ruled by Amoret
Auvyn, South — southern part of Auvyn; ruled by Amabel
beast — Otherworldly creature unable to change form
blood, body, soul — the three components of life and magic; body and soul are bound together by blood
blood contract — the easiest and most common kind of contract because blood is binding
Byelle [bee-YEL] — former demon ambassador to Korev
Cam — witch representative to the Council
Cecilia — Nicolai's partner
Cedric — commander of the Southern Guard
Cerieve [ser-REEV] — southern kingdom; on good terms with North Auvyn
Cerieven-Ailthean (or Ausren-Ailthean) — Ailthean dialect spoken in Cerieve, particularly by those in Ausra
Coralie — daughter of a Viranian Councillor
circle, Otherworldly — a pocket dimension between the Midworld and Otherworld that can house souls but not bodies
Crimson Queen, the — woman who led the Ailthean Revolution ten years ago and usurped the Ailthean throne before the Night of Ash
demon — Otherworldly creature, shifter
demonic object — any object from the Otherworld; typically a magical object
Edwin — Gatekeeper of Rune (the white-eyed man)
Eilyste [ie-LIST] —  northeastern kingdom, northern part of the Korevan Territory; forbids witchers, shifters, &c.
Enre [AHN-ruh] — city outside Nien
Erien [EHR-ee-en] — capital of North Auvyn
Ermengarde — Rome's half-sister; Amoret's illegitimate daughter
Errington, Livia — daughter of Lord Errington
Errington, Lord and Lady — Quinn and Livia's parents
Errington, Quinn — Livia's older brother, Austin's best friend
Esben — one of Andrina's spirits
Eyves [IEVS] — northwestern island kingdom; coldest kingdom; known for its violent persecution of witches
Fable — city hidden in Milen; home to exiled or refugee witches, shifters, etc.
faerie — a non-shifting, immortal creature
Fates, the — Faith, Honor, Loyalty, Love, Liberty
fire, the — Rome's fire, formerly belonging to Amelie
Glass — Ambrose's faerie horse
Grant — one of Fritz's servants
Hans — Vanessa's best friend; Kai's twin brother
Ivan — Grand Prince of Eilyste
Isabelle — queen of Cerieve
Jin — queen of Virane; head of the Council
Jun-Li — Crown Princess of Virane; human representative to the Council
Kai — Vanessa's best friend; Hans's twin brother
Kalea [ka-LAY-a]— southernmost city in Korev; port
Kensel — ticketmaster to Rune
Kerr [KEHR]— capital of Virane
Kiar [kee-AHR]— capital of South Auvyn
Korev [KOR-rev] — eastern kingdom, part of the Korevan Territory; known for the Korevan Duels and its strict borders
Korevan Duels, the (the Duels) — an annual Korevan tradition, a gladiatorial game pitting its competitors against demons
Korevan, Higher — official language of Korev
Korevan, Lower — pidgin language spoken in southern Korevan cities, similar to Aensen
Korevan Territory, the — shared landmass of Korev, Eilyste, and Aense
Lyran [LEER-ran] — Otherworldly principality
of Nathe, Alastor — demon; the Otherworld's executioner
of Lyran, Talis — demon; Prince of Lyran
of Nathe, Vine — demon; Chief Justice of the Otherworld
magic — the ability to manipulate reality or the ability to interact with spirits
magical object — any object that breaks the rules of reality
Mary Ann — an Eilysten servant
Meir [MEHR]— Otherworldly principality
of Meir, Malek — demon; Prince of Meir
Midnight Sea, the — northeastern sea bordered by Virane, Ameren, and Eilyste; home to dragons
Midworld, the — the bridge world between the Otherworld and the lost Upperworld; the land of the living
Milen [mi-LEN] — capital of Eilyste
Milenese [mi-len-NEEZ] — Eilysten dialect spoken in Milen
Milenian Woods, the — forest just outside Milen; a witch is rumored to live there
Millie — one of Andrina's Spirits
Min — Prince of the Midnight Sea
Nathe [NADH] — Otherworldly principality
of Nathe, Lilis — demon; Prince of Nathe, Prince of Night; Terence and Seer's mother
of Nathe, Pan — demon; Prince of Nathe, Prince of Night
of Nathe, Seer — demon; Lilis's son; Conductor of the Otherworld
of Nathe, Terence — demon representative on the Viranian Council; Lilis's son
Nicolai — witch; specializes in memory
Niels — one of Isabelle's guards
Nien [NEE-en]— capital of Ailthe; where Ailthean royalty and nobility were executed
Night of Ash, the — the night Ailthe was destroyed by an influx of magic
Nix — Quinn and Livia's best friend
Oskar — Fable's owner and receptionist
Otherworld, the - the land of demons and dead, located "below" the Midworld; also known as the Underworld
Phire — western island kingdom; smallest kingdom
Pip — Madge's partner and assistant
Pleasance, Alice — youngest child of Lord Pleasance
Pleasance, Anne-Laure (Lory) — Alice's older sister
Pleasance, Austin — Alice's older brother; a Cerieven student in North Auvyn
Pleasance, Clara — Alice's doll
Pleasance, Lady — Alice, Lory, and Austin's mother; a nurse during the Ailthean Revolution
Pleasance, Lord — Cerieven nobleman and general
Polly — Jill's deceased friend
Rien — one of Isabelle's guards
Rika — daughter of a Viranian Councillor
Ruben — faerie living in Andrina's cottage
Sayah [SIE-yuh] — capital of Korev
Shatter — Rome's faerie horse
shifter — a creature able to change into two or more forms
Snow White — Ivan's secret lover
spirit — a ghost; a soul without a body
Stahlbaum, Fritz — king of Korev
Ten Kingdoms of Ailthe, the — the collective empire of Ailthe (Ailthe, Virane, Aense, Korev, Eilyste, Cerieve, Ameren, Eyves, Phire, Auvyn)
Thysia (River) — river that runs through Virane
Tremaine, Andrina — witch, specializes in spiritual contact; Rapunzel's adoptive mother
Tremaine, Rapunzel — Andrina's adopted daughter
Vaught, Madge — seamstress and tailor
Virailthe — shared landmass of Virane and Ailthe
Virane [ver-RAN] — kingdom just north of Ailthe, partly ruined by the Ailthean Revolution; known for its continued acceptance of witches, shifters, demons, etc.
Viranian Council, the — Virane's legislative body; has representatives from each distinct population in Virane (excludes faeries)
Viray, Eleanor (Red) — Vanessa's grandmother
Viray, Vanessa — Red's granddaughter
Vya — Fable's ticketmaster
Welven — a lesser demon
Whit — a guy who can open portals
Winters, Henry — eldest son of Lord Winters; works in Aense
Winters, Charlotte — daughter of Lord Winters; Lory's best friend
Winters, Dinah — Charlotte's kitten
Winters, Leopold — Charlotte's baby brother
Winters, Lord and Lady — Henry, Charlotte, Michael, and Leopold's parents
Winters, Michael — Charlotte's younger brother
witch — anyone who can see spirits; not all witches practice magic
Witch of the Milenian Woods, the — a witch rumored to live in the Milenian Woods; see Andrina Tremaine
Wolf — Red's pet wolf
Ynn [IN] — Otherworldly principality
of Ynn, Euryn [YOOR-rin] — demon; Prince of Ynn, Prince of Death, Eater of Dead Corpses, etc.
of Ynn, Rome — Amoret and Euryn's illegitimate son; contract killer
of Ynn, Bune — demon; Master of the Beasts
Zulvisia — all-around immortal witch


Part 47

My package came five days late but look what finally came in the mail!!

                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            
The colors look so good on camera but in person they're a little duller.

                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            
The quality is so terrible that I don't even know if I need to blur the spoilers. I mean if you can read it you'll have some hints for what's to come I guess. (But I did cover the names of my original collaborators; they weren't printed with empty spaces like that.)

                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            

                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            
If you can't read it, Volume I consists of parts 1, 2, and 3, and Volume II consists of parts 4, 5, and 6. It's exactly 900 pages (Volume I has 475 pages and Volume 2 has 425). But the font is really small for me to squeeze it into those 900 pages so yes at this point we all know this is very long.
Sorry for the photoshoot I'm just extremely excited about this. If anyone has any finished projects I highly recommend printing them out like this. It's just really nice to hold something you made in your hands. Obviously it costs money though. The books themselves cost me about 20 bucks total (and then like 10 dollars in shipping and tax asdjghdljhfk)
