Courtesy of VivaanDaGr8
There was something about the way his curls perfectly fell against his forehead and the way he'd stand with his toes pointed inwards.
Maybe it was the way his green eyes always had that glow that told you he knew something you didn't or the way his plump, red lips would pull back into a smile to show his perfect teeth.
Maybe, Louis thinks, it's the super tight, black skinnies, big sweaters and that totally innocent flower crown that makes him want him.
Or maybe, it's because he just couldn't have him. He could not have Harry Styles no matter how much he wanted him.
Harry belonged to Brad - a gang leader across the bridge - and Louis didn't want to start a war. Especially over an adorable, lanky, pigeon-toed boy.
So, Louis watched him as he'd come to his side of town and buy groceries or maybe just a coffee. Louis wanted to go over and maybe steal the boy - just for a night - but, he knew Brad wouldn't have that.
Which is why Louis planned on doing it anyway.
contains: violence, drugs and mentions of abuse
Louis knew attending this party tonight was important. He knew in every part of his body he'd have to be there. Usually he just sends Liam to these events, but tonight was different. Something in the warm August air told Louis he needed to get out, he needed to have fun. So, here he is driving down the suburban street looking for the giant house party. It's not hard to find and he quickly parks his expensive black car and climbs out.
People watch as he leaves his car and he smirks at them. Everyone knows who he is and everyone knows to stay away. He winks at a few girls and nods at a few of his very loyal customers. Liam is inside already - making sure that people get what they payed for - and Louis isn't worried about him. Liam can definitely handle himself. 
Louis enters the large house and scans the room. It's a classic house party with people everywhere and the music far too loud. He can feel his shoes stick to the floors and he can smell the strong scent of liquor and drugs clinging to the air. He just continues through until he reaches the persons backyard. The place is filled with people, but it's less stuffy in the fresh air.
He continues to walk through the large groups of people and a couple of the brave ones say hi. He just gives them tight lipped smiles and keeps walking. He doesn't like associating with all the partiers in the town - he just likes selling to them. He likes the money, not the people that come along with it.
"Louis? I can't believe you're at my party!" a mans voice yells. Louis turns at the sound of his name and comes face to face with a tall, muscular blonde. He's not bleach blonde - more sandy - and his skin is tan from the summer sun. Louis scans the mans body and shrugs.
"Nothing else to do. Who are you?" Louis asks. The mans smile falters slightly - probably offended - but that makes Louis smirk. He likes letting people know he's above them. He likes that he can make people feel small.
"I'm Dan. I'm sorry, it was stupid for me to think you would know," Dan apologizes. Louis wants to laugh at how serious he sounds, like he's actually sorry.
"Dan Walters?" Louis asks. Dan nods his head happily and Louis refrains from rolling his eyes at the tall man. Louis hates people that act like this - like he's someone big and special.
"Well, Dan, I'm going to get a beer," Louis tells him. That's a lie, Louis doesn't drink in public. He likes to stay alert and aware when he's out. He never knows when someone is going to come at him, when someone will try to kill him.
"I can get you one," Dan suggests. Louis shakes his head and turns without another word. Dan seems nice, but far too excited. Louis thinks he's probably one of those people that thinks talking to gang members makes you tough. In reality it makes you dead.
Louis continues to walk about and completely ignores the shouts of his name and the cold whispers. He can hear people wondering why he came, if he is going to kill someone. The comments and stares don't bug him - never really have - and he always laughs them off. 
He hears some shouts from a group of people not too far from him. The noise catches his attention and his feet drag him so he's part of the circle. People move for him instinctively and he quickly makes his way to the front. His jaw clenches at the sight and he balls his fists at his side.
He sees Grimshaw - one of Brads guys - smacking the shit out of none other than Harry Styles. Louis doesn't know what angers him more - Grimshaw hitting Harry or Grimshaw being in his area. Either way he steps into the circle quickly.
"You finished, Nick?" Louis' voice is dark and loud. It captures everyone's attention and sends a shiver through the crowd. Louis glares as Nick lifts his eyes to meet Louis'.
"I think so. Move along," Nick orders, Louis raises his brows and steps closer - making Nick step back.
"Move along? I would like to inform you that you are in my area. Not only that, but I don't appreciate you picking fights with my people," Louis spits. Nick snorts and gestures to Harry who remains on the ground.
"He's not yours," Nick tells him. 'Not yet' Louis thinks. Instead he glances at Harry's crumpled figure and then back at Nick. He steps closer to him until Nick can feel his hot breath against his skin.
"He is in my area that makes him mine. Lay another finger on anyone here and I will not hesitate to put a bullet in your head. Understood?" Louis demands. Nick swallows thickly - knowing he means every word he says - and nods his head. Nick tries to walk to Harry, but Louis steps in his path - an amused expression on his face.
"What are you doing?" Louis asks. Nick frowns and tries to get to Harry again. Louis follows his movements.
"Brad would want me to bring him home," Nick says through clenched teeth. Louis laughs and shakes his head.
"If Brad wants him he can come get him. I suggest you get away from me, Grimshaw," Louis replies. His voice is venomous and harsh and while Nick's cocky and smug he is not stupid. He knows what battles he can and cannot win. He quickly steps away from Louis - arms raised.
"No problem. I'll give Brad a call," He says. Louis ignores him and turns to the ever growing crowd. That also sends his blood boiling and he looks at the people with cold eyes.
"I suggest you all disperse," Louis tells them. The quickly and silently obey his order. Louis watches as they all scurry away from him and then he turns his cold blue eyes to the boy on the ground. He kneels down so he's eye level with him and gently picks his flower crown up.
"Here," Louis says. His voice is soft as he places the delicate flowers into the boys curly, dark hair. Harry watches him curiously - his big, green eyes framed with dark lashes. Louis can't help but be soft with him. He resembles a hurt puppy.
"C'mon. I'll get you cleaned up," Louis tells him. He stands to his feet and reaches a hand down for Harry. Harry gratefully accepts and Louis is surprised at how large the boys hands are. They cover his and it oddly makes him feel small and childlike. Neither of those he likes feeling. They quickly separate once Harry is on his feet and Louis starts to walk to the house.
He knows Harry is following him - his head cast down to his feet - and it makes him feel better. More in power. He smirks and scans the crowd until he finds the sandy hair he was searching for.
"Daniel," he calls. Dan turns and gives Louis a smile when Louis beckons him over. He practically skips over to him - liking that the gang member wants him. 
"What can I do for you, Lou?" he chirps. Louis narrows his eyes at the nickname and let's out an annoyed breath.
"First, don't call me Lou. You don't know me well enough for that. Second, where's your room?" Louis questions. Dan gives him a curious glance, but doesn't question Louis' motives.
"Upstairs. Second door on the left," Dan tells him. Louis gives him a wave and tugs Harry with him up the stairs. Harry stumbles and Louis stops and makes sure he's okay before they continue. Louis finds the room easily and let's Harry enter it before him.
"Sit on the bed," Louis instructs. His voice isn't demanding like it should be, but Harry does as told. Louis watches as he flops down on the bed and he doesn't miss as the lanky boy flinches.
"I'm going to get a cloth so I can clean your face, okay?" Louis asks. Harry nods numbly, not seeming to be paying full attention. Louis shakes it off and enters the small, attached washroom. He finds a small face cloth and soaks it in warm water. He doesn't know when he became a nurse, but he wants to talk to the boy so here he is.
He walks back in the room and gently passes Harry the cloth. Harry places it on his fat, bloodied lip. Louis pulls out his phone and texts Liam - telling him what happened and what he needs him to do - Liam replies quickly and then Louis turns back to Harry. The boy has the cloth in the same place and he's zoned completely out.
"Do you want me to help you?" Louis asks. Harry's eyes slowly move to him and then he scoots over on the bed.
"Yes please," he finally speaks. Louis' eyes widen at how deep his voice is. It's not that Louis expected him to be all petit features and girly voice because he didn't. Harry looks like a very boyish boy, but he also has this sort of innocence to him. He's not innocent, but he sort of is.
Louis moves to sit next to him and gingerly takes the cloth from his hands. He begins to clean the blood off the rest of his face and he gently strokes Harry's soft cheek.
"Why did he hit you?" Louis wonders. Harry looks down - Louis notices he does that a lot - and clears his throat quietly.
"I had to be punished," he whispers out. The words linger in the air and Louis can hear them repeat in his head. He frowns and lifts Harry's chin up. It's not rough, but in no way is it affectionate and gentle.
"Punished? For what?" Louis asks. His eyes have turned cold yet again and Harry flinches at the sight. Louis' not mad at him though - he's mad at the idiot that hit him.
"I came over to this party and I shouldn't be here. I'm not supposed to come over here," Harry tells him. Louis nods in understanding.
"Well Nick shouldn't hit you. Ever. Does Brad know he does that?" Louis asks. Harry pathetically nods his head and Louis can hear a small sniffle escape him.
"Brad's going to be mad he has to come here," Harry almost cries. Louis suddenly understands everything and his anger peaks. He doesn't tolerate abuse. He takes deep calming breaths as to not scare Harry before he continues.
"Does Brad hit you?"
"Yeah. It's fine though because he takes care of me and he runs a gang so it's normal. You should understand that," Harry replies. Louis bites his tongue and his mind is racing. Clearly those words aren't all Harry's. Clearly this is wrong.
"It's not normal," Louis says. His voice is detached and slightly scary. Harry sneaks a glance at him and sees he's almost fuming.
Louis stands abruptly and starts to pace. He's never liked Brad and he's always wondered how he kept such a pretty boy by his side. He still doesn't understand and while part of him wants to save the bruised boy, another is telling him to leave it. This happens all the time. His phone rings and he answers it upon seeing Liam's name pop up. 
"He here?" Louis answers. 
"Yeah. I'll bring him up," Liam says. Louis hangs up without another word and turns to Harry. Harry is watching him and he blushes cutely at being caught. Louis doesn't say anything and sits back down next to him.
"Brad is here. Will you be okay?" Louis worries. His stomach is in knots at the thought of Harry getting beat because he's just so sweet and adorable. Louis would treat him better.
"I should be."
"Why did you tell me all that?" Louis asks. His speech is fast because he wants to get it all out before Brad arrives.
"Because you'd understand. Life isn't all perfect in this business and I know you won't care," Harry replies, "I just wanted to tell someone."
Louis' heart sinks and he wants to tell him he cares. He does. He cares a lot and he'd care even if it was a random person sitting on his bed telling him. Louis isn't a cold hearted monster. 
Brad bursts through the door before another word is exchanged and his gaze lands on the two boys on the bed. Louis' eyes look up and meet his instantly and then he's on his feet. Liam comes in right after.
"I don't like you talking to my toy," Brad growls. Louis balls his fist and tries to calm down. He can't fight in this house, at this moment. He knows if he starts someone won't come out alive.
"Deal with it. I don't like you being in my area, but your guys sure pop up a lot," Louis says. Liam stands in the doorway watching the scene - his hand on his gun just in case.
"Up," Brad spits at Harry. Harry obediently obeys and quickly makes his way next to Brad. Brad keeps his eyes on Louis and harshly grabs Harry's wrist.
"Don't grab him like that," Louis growls. Brad smirks at him and tightens his grip. Harry lets out a tiny whimper and the sound breaks Louis' heart.
"What are you going to do? He's mine and I treat him as I wish," Brad spits out. Louis almost lunges at him, but Liam pulls out his gun quickly and points it to the back of his head.
"Leave. You're causing shit and you know it," Liam seethes. Brad's cocky face pales at the feel of the gun on the back of his head and he turns without a word. Louis and Liam follow him down the stairs and people watch as they exit the house.
The arrive at his car and Louis moves forward to check on Harry when Brad moves to the driver side. Harry looks down at him with sad, tired eyes and Louis can feel his face soften. He reaches up and gently caresses his cheek. Harry leans into the touch - craving the affection he is denied - and Louis can feel fondness spread through him for the unattainable boy.
"I care," Louis finally replies to Harry's earlier statement. Harry understands and nods his head quickly and then turns and climbs in the car. Both Liam and Louis watch as it speeds away down the street and Louis hates that he didn't just take Harry and run.
"You can't have him." Liam informs him yet again. "Your little fascination with him needs to end."
And then Liam walks away and leaves Louis in the dark night and Louis knows his fascination has only grown. Louis will have Harry. Even if someone has to die for him to get him.
Louis watches as Harry enters the small cafe he's sitting in. It's been about two weeks since the party and Louis has kept close tabs on Brad and his gang. Louis smirks and stands from his table - sauntering over to the line up behind Harry. Harry is oblivious and continues to read over the menu as Louis stands there.
"I don't think you should be here," Louis whispers in Harry's ear. Harry jumps and whips around quickly, eyes landing on Louis' smug figure. Harry rolls his eyes and turns away from him.
"I won't tell if you don't," he replies cheekily. Louis raises his brows at this and steps forward - so he's next to Harry.
"Watch your mouth, Styles," Louis says. His face shows no emotion, but his voice has an underlining threat that sends chills up Harry's spine. Harry swallows thickly and turns back to the board. He is hyper aware of Louis' presence next to him and Louis can feel the nervousness radiating off him.
"Next," the woman at the counter calls. Harry steps forward and Louis smirks and quickly follows suit.
"A black coffee-"
"And a tea. Thank you, Darleen," Louis cuts him off. She just punches in the order and Louis pays her without a care. Harry watches Louis closely - wondering what game he is playing. Their drinks come quickly and then Louis gestures his head to a back booth - out of the eyes of everyone in the small building. Harry nervously follows the orders and slides in.
"So... Harry. I've done my research," Louis starts. He gets this sick smile on his face and Harry can feel goosebumps rise on his skin. His mouth has gone dry and his hands are clammy.
"Research?" he squeaks out. He hates how his voice betrays him and he silently curses himself.
"Yeah. It's really a shame Brad sends you to spy on my business unarmed. You never know when you might need to protect yourself," Louis tells him. Harry's face pales and he wants to run, but he knows he can't. It'd be very stupid and Louis loves the chase. He craves it.
"I don't spy," Harry mumbles out. His voice cracks obviously and his tone is defeated and weak. Louis chuckles from across the booth and leans forward - loving how he can make Harry squirm.
"Not well. I've been watching you, Harold. I'm not stupid and I hate being lied to. Now, I should shoot you," Louis pauses and Harry looks at him waiting for the but, or maybe the pain he's not quite sure. 
"But I won't. I like this game - probably because I'm winning - and I'm assuming you won't tell Brad about this," Louis continues. He has this smug smile on his face - which Harry will admit is hot - and he fidgets uncomfortably under Louis' gaze.
"Why won't I?" Harry wonders. Louis actually laughs at that and the sound is far too sweet and pure for a murderer. 
"Why would you? You're going to tell him I know you're the spy? That'd be awfully stupid, Harry. If I don't kill you he will," Louis states matter-of- factly. Harry knows he's right and lets out a groan. He didn't want to be the spy, he didn't want to be anything. He looks at Louis with pathetic, worried eyes and Louis can feel his smug image almost slip. Almost.
"What do I do?" Harry asks. It's a stupid question, why would Louis help him? Louis probably wants him to die, but then Harry remembers his words; 'I care.'
They ring through his head and he looks back at the man - that's too beautiful to be in this work - and hope fills him. Maybe Louis will help.
"Well... I don't know exactly, but I could make you a deal?" Louis suggests. Harry's heart pumps loudly and he feels like he's about to sell his soul to the devil. 
"What?" he questions. He's curious, but wary. 
"I won't tell anyone about you if you come on a date with me," Louis says. He leans back and shrugs his shoulders. He doesn't seem to have a care in the world and Harry feels like his is crashing around him.
His mind is screaming no. There are red lights and small buzzers going off in his brain. Louis is bad. Louis is really bad. Not only is he the rival, he's also lethal. Everyone knows Louis' killed people. He's killed a lot of people and he supposedly feels no remorse. He is quite literally heartless... Or so it seems.
But, there's a tiny voice in the mix of the warnings. It's pointing out that Louis is really attractive and he said he cares and Louis is really, really attractive. He helped him at the party and stood up to Brad for him.
Louis watches across the booth as emotions flash across Harry's face. He can't seem to decide and Louis is losing interest rapidly. If Harry says no he will have to kill him. He's a spy and even though he's terrible, he still needs to have consequences. 
Harry finally meets Louis' eyes steadily and he clears his throat slightly. He looks down at his coffee cup - a blush covering his face - and nods his head.
"I'll go on a date with you," Harry whispers out. Louis smirks in triumph and starts to stand from the table. Harrys head snaps up and he looks at him in bewilderment.
"Can I have your number?" He asks. Louis laughs again and shakes his head.
"My number comes with trust. I'll call you when I'm ready for the date," Louis says. It's his way of dismissing the whole thing, but Harry grabs his wrist to stop him. Louis closes his eyes and takes a relaxing breath to calm himself. He hates when people grab him.
"How did you get my number?" Harry asks. His tone is confused and slightly scared and that makes Louis laugh again. He rips his wrist out of Harry's grip and starts to walk away.
"I have my ways. Be ready," he yells over his shoulder. The shop doors jingle as he opens them and then he's gone and into the night air.
"You cannot take Styles out," Liam tells Louis yet again. Louis rolls his eyes and continues to get dressed. He's going casual because he doesn't want Harry to think he actually cares. He doesn't care - not that much - he just wants to fuck Harry. That's it. That's all he wants.
"I can and I am. Last time I checked I was in charge here," Louis snaps. He has a short temper and he really hates when people tell him what to do. Zayn walks in the room and glances between Louis and Liam cautiously.
"Hey, Liam, why don't you come in the kitchen with me," Zayn suggests. Louis shoots him a thankful look and Zayn nods at him as he leads Liam away. Louis feels his temper die down once Liam is out of his sight, and continues to fix himself up. He's wearing a plain white shirt and jeans. He throws on his white vans - he drew faces on them, but it looks cool - and he's done. No effort needed. 
He walks out of his room and through the house, finally entering the kitchen and sees his friends/workers lounging around. Niall looks up as soon as he enters and throws him one of his signature smiles.
"Hey, Lou," Niall greets him. Louis just waves at him in response. Louis grabs his keys off the counter and his pack of cigarettes. He can feel the three boys watching him with each step he takes. 
"I'm going. I have my phone, call if there's a problem," Louis tells them. Niall nods quickly and Louis gives them all one last look before he's leaving. He called Harry yesterday on a pay phone, but that's a lot of work so Louis just bought himself another phone. It's cheap and he'll only use it to call Harry, but at least it'll be used.
He pulls it out as he's pulling out of his driveway. It rings for awhile and then Harry's raspy voice fills Louis' ears.
"Hello?" He answers. Louis smiles and continues to drive down his barren street.
"Harry, I hope you didn't forget our date," Louis greets him. It's quiet on the other line and Louis has the feeling Harry forgot. Louis can feel his blood start to boil and his hand grips the wheel tighter.
"No, I didn't forget. I'm actually on your side now," Harry tells him. Louis lets out a small breath and decides he really needs to smoke. 
"Okay. Be at that little cafe in 10 minutes. Don't keep me waiting," Louis instructs and the phone call ends before Harry can reply. He pulls out his pack of cigarettes and lights it up, inhaling the strong smoke. It fills his mouth and lungs with it's bitter taste and Louis loves it. Loves watching as the grey smoke swirls around him in the car and then leaves through his open window.
He finally arrives in town and cruises along the semi busy streets. It's a Friday night, so all the young adults are littered throughout the area. Louis rolls his eyes as people stumble out of bars half dressed, clinging to their friends or lovers.
He pulls up in front of the tiny cafe eventually and spots Harry leaning against the wall. He's wearing a lavender sweater even though it's August, his black skinnies and his infamous flower crown. Louis can tell it's fake and he wonders what he'd look like in a real one. All in all Harry looks adorable and Louis has to stop himself from smiling at the sight.
He rolls down his tinted window and Harry glances over at that time. He sees Louis and gets up off the wall and quickly walks to the car. He climbs in and buckles himself up - Louis chuckles at that - and looks forward. He doesn't say 'hi' or anything. Louis frowns, but drives forward nonetheless. The drive to the restaurant is quiet and awkward and Louis is close to losing his patience. Harry should be grateful he didn't kill him and throw him in the river.
Louis parks and glances over to see Harry looking at the building in awe. Louis doesn't understand why it's so impressive - besides the fact that it's the fanciest restaurant in town - and opens his door. Harry snaps out of his daze at the sound and quickly crawls out of the car too.
"This is where we're eating?" Harry speaks his first words of the night. Louis gives him a side glance and rolls his eyes.
"Yes. Did you think I'd take you to McDonalds?" Louis asks. His tone isn't harsh like he intended it to be - it's actually amused and slightly teasing. Harry cracks a small smile and looks at Louis fully for the first time that night.
"I wasn't too sure, but I definitely wasn't expecting this. This place costs a fortune," Harry says. They reach the front door and Louis holds it open for Harry - which makes him blush - and Louis grins triumphantly. Maybe he can win this boy over after all.
"I like to spoil my dates," Louis tells him with a shrug. Louis waltzes up to the hostess and flashes her a cheeky grin.
"Hello, table for Tomlinson," He tells her. Her eyes light up in understanding and she quickly leads Harry and Louis to a table in the back. 
"Is this okay?" she asks. She's fidgeting and clearly nervous being around the gang leader, but he smiles at her brightly.
"This is perfect. Thank you, beautiful," Louis tells her. She blushes at the name and smiles shyly at him. Harry rolls his eyes and sits down with a huff. He shouldn't care, but Louis' his date and he should be complimenting him.
Louis turns back to the table and grins at Harry, taking the seat opposite of him. There's a lit candle on the table and the whole atmosphere of the restaurant is romantic and fancy.
"I hope this isn't too much," Louis says. Harry glances around the restaurant again and Louis watches him cautiously. He wants Harry to like this date.
"It's lovely. I've never been on a date like this," Harry admits. Louis frowns because he doesn't understand, but he feels like he doesn't have the right to question him on it. 
"Well I'm happy to be the first," Louis says with sincerity. Harry is still wary about him though. He's been told numerous things about the man across from him and none of them are pleasant, but the way he's smiling at Harry is so friendly and kind. 
"You can order anything. Don't worry about price," Louis tells him. Harry nods and picks up the menu. He glances at the prices and almost chokes on air. This place is the most expensive meal Harry will ever eat. He glances over his menu at Louis, who's just causally flipping through it.
"What are you going to get?" Harry asks. Louis looks up at him and shrugs his shoulders. 
"Something I've never had before. I like to try something new every time I come," Louis tells him. Harry furrows his brow and glances back to his menu. Does Louis come here a lot? Does he go on a lot of dates? Harry scowls at the thought. He hates the idea of being someone's one of many, but that's all he ever is.
A pretty waitress comes over and smiles at the two boys. Her eyes linger on Louis - which makes Harry grit his teeth - and Louis just glances at her.
"What can I get you?" she asks. Her voice is nasally and Louis already hates it. He finds her appearance too promiscuous for this type of establishment and the way she's eyeing him up makes him uncomfortable.
"Do you like wine?" Louis asks Harry. Harry nods his head and Louis smiles and turns back to the waitress. "We'll have a bottle of white wine and a new waitress. Thanks," Louis dismisses. Harry looks over to see the current waitress looking at him in shock and Harry has to hide his amused smirk. 
The waitress storms off and Harry finally lets a laugh escape him. Louis' eyes snap up and their bright and happy.
"What are you laughing at?" he wonders. Harry notices that his eyes crinkle slightly when he smiles. When he really smiles and it's extremely cute. Harry wants to make him smile like that more.
"Her face when you said that. That was so mean, but funny," Harry says. Louis chuckles and places his menu down. He leans closer to Harry so he can talk to him easier.
"I couldn't stand to listen to her voice all night. She sounded like a chipmunk," Louis complains. Harry should feel bad, but he doesn't. He didn't like the way she looked at Louis so he's glad she's gone.
"I agree. Also she looked like a whore," Harry joins in. He's never like this, he's never mean. He hates talking about people, but Louis laughs at what he says and it makes Harry feel good. This isn't like him at all. 
"We should probably be nicer, I feel bad now," Harry mumbles out. He expects Louis to laugh and make fun of him, but instead Louis smiles softly and shakes his head.
"You're so adorable," He says and Harry blushes like mad. Louis notices and he smiles for what feels like the millionth time that night. He feels so soft with Harry. He's supposed to be angry and aggressive and intimidating, but he can't do that. He just wants to make Harry laugh and blush and smile. It's disgusting really.
The new waitress comes and both boys order something random off the menu. The sip at their wine and just create small talk. Neither talks about their personal lives all that much and neither tries to pry about business issues. Louis is surprised that Harry doesn't try to ask him about his business, but it's a pleasant surprise. He actually feels normal.
The night slowly comes to an end and Louis pays for their meal, not even caring about the price. Harry is tipsy and stumbling to get up. Louis rolls his eyes and lets the taller boy lean on him as he walks back out into the fresh air.
"This was such a nice night," Harry mutters out. Louis doesn't reply and just helps Harry into his car. Harry clings onto his shirt before he can shut the passenger door and Louis looks down at him curiously.
"Louis? Will you take me out again?" Harry asks. Louis bites his lip and looks away from the boy sitting in his car. This is bad and dangerous. 
"I don't know..."
"Please. You're so nice to me. No one is nice to me back home," Harry whispers out. Louis' head snaps back over to Harry and he squats down so he's eye level with him.
"I'm sure someone is nice to you," Louis reassures him. He thought he'd just fuck Harry tonight and then it'd be over, but he can't take advantage of him like this and if he keeps taking him out things won't end well for anyone. Louis knows that.
"You're nice to me. You don't hit me or yell at me and you're so pretty. So, so pretty," Harry manages to get out. His voice is slower with intoxication and he's swaying in his seat. Louis feels pity for him. He deserves so much better than what he has, but Louis knows he's not any better. He has a short temper and he's involved with too many dangerous people.
Louis likes him though. He likes the cute way he laughs and the way he blushes so easily. He also likes the fact that he's Brads. He likes the idea of stealing him from the ugly, cold man. He loves thinking of how mad Brad would be and how he could laugh at how he won. How he got Harry.
He looks back at Harry who's watching him closely and slowly nods his head.
"Yeah. I'll take you out again," Louis tells him. Harry smiles happily and leans back in his seat. Louis closes the door and goes to his side so he can start to drive. He drops Harry off at the cafe again and gives him money to cab home. Harry waves at him happily and Louis can only think about how screwed he is. He is so fucked, but he'll win.
And Harry is his prize.
Louis is preparing for the night. He makes sure all the guns are loaded and the money is locked away securely. His eyes scan over his security cameras - Louis is always doing that - and finally he steps out into the main room. The three boys sitting there look up and Niall is the first one in his feet.
"When are me and Zayn going?" he asks. Louis' eyes drift from Niall to the other two boys and then back again.
"You and Liam are going. Zayn is coming with me," Louis explains. Niall scrunches his eyebrows in confusion and looks from Louis to Liam and Zayn.
"Why?" he wonders. Louis huffs and rubs his temple. He hates being asked questions repeatedly.
"Because if something goes wrong, Liam will actually use his gun and I need Zayn," Louis says slowly. Niall nods his head sadly and goes to sit back down next to Liam. Louis waits patiently for them to all look back at him for instructions.
"Liam, go with Niall to pick up our order. If something happens don't be afraid to shoot, just make sure we get our stuff here. Zayn, you're coming with me to do pick ups. Got it?" Louis asks. The three boys nod obediently and stand up from the couch. Zayn happily trails along behind Louis and into their garage.
"We're taking my car," Louis says and Zayn rolls his eyes.
"'Course we are," he chuckles. They slip in and wave at the other two boys before the zoom down their street. Zayn pulls out a cigarette and offers one to Louis who greedily excepts it.
"Thanks," Louis muffles out. He lights the stick in his mouth and him and Zayn both fill the car in smoke and nicotine. 
"How many pick ups are we doing?" Zayn wonders. They passed the intersection to the city and are heading further out into a more suburban neighborhood. 
"Just the one. This asshole owes me 20 grand," Louis explains. His gun is securely attached to him and he can't wait to put a bullet through this assholes skull. 
"Shit. That's a lot," Zayn breathes out. His black hair is blowing slightly from the breeze from the open window and his eyes are dark and clouded.
"He bought a lot of drugs. He better have my money," Louis seethes out. Just the thought of the guy was making him furious beyond belief. 
"Calm down, Lou. Let's talk about something else... Like Harry?" Zayn smirks. Louis groans, but his body relaxes and his grip on the wheel becomes more casual.
"What about him?" he replies. He doesn't have a problem talking to Zayn about Harry like he does with Liam. Zayn is more relaxed about the situation and he doesn't try to control it.
"I don't know. Just tell me about him," Zayn shrugs. He pulls out another cigarette and Louis shakes his head when offered another. Zayn just goes back to lighting it and inhaling the smoke.
"I don't know much about him. He's cute - in a childlike way. He has dimples and blushes so easily it's disturbingly cute. He just... Calms me down. He's soothing," Louis furrows his brows as he tries to explain and Zayn just continues to smirk. 
"How cute, Lou has a little crush," Zayn teases. Louis clenches his jaw and grips the wheel again. Why the fuck is everyone getting on his last nerve?
"If wanting to tear up his ass counts as a 'little crush' then yeah, I have one," Louis manages out and Zayn throws his head back in laughter.
"You're so rude," Zayn snickers and Louis shrugs his shoulders. They drive in silence after that and the similar houses start to fade into more rundown ones. Zayn shifts uncomfortably as the sketchy area becomes their only view and he looks at Louis warily.
"He lives here?" Zayn questions and his voice is quiet and timid. 
"Yes. Why else would I drive here?" Louis questions and his usual mean tone is back. Zayn shrinks away from him and Louis just pays attention to the numbers on the houses. He finally pulls up to house 56 and parks.
"I'll deal with him. If he doesn't have my money I'll kill him and you'll go snoop for something valuable. If he has my money, same thing," Louis instructs and Zayn feels faint. He's seen Louis kill people, but he has never been with just Louis when he did it. There's always been a group and it just being the two of them makes it feel intimate.
"Okay," Zayn meekly says. He follows Louis up the old dirt path and he notices the garbage that litters the yard. The fence around the brown grass is broken and the air smells of chemicals.
Louis reaches the door and knocks in a small pattern. He smiles when he hears footsteps on the other side and hears the lock slide open. He knows this man won't live to see morning and the thought exhilarates Louis. 
The door creaks open and the man peers out into the night. His eyes lock with Louis' and he starts to tremble under the cold, hateful glare.
"Hello, Jeffery. You remember me?" Louis asks. His tone is painfully sweet and Jeffery slowly nods his head - still too afraid of the man to speak.
"Can I come in?" Louis asks and his tone is harsher now, more commanding. The door slowly opens all the way and Louis slinks in, followed by Zayn. The house smells strongly of chemicals, cat piss and old food. It makes both the gang members stomachs turn uneasily and Louis scrunches his nose.
"Get my money and we'll leave." Louis orders and the man looks down at his feet. He seems nervous and Louis can tell he doesn't have the money.
"I don't have it. I'll have it soon-"
"You keep saying that. I'm tired of hearing that excuse. Do you think I'm a joke?" Louis cuts him off. His body is rigid and the man takes an automatic step away from him, wanting to create space.
"No, no. I just hope you'd understand-"
"Understand that you're a filthy, drug addict that can't afford his addictions? Oh I understand and I don't care," Louis seethes. He pulls out his gun and points it right between the mans eyes. The man starts to tremble violently and starts to beg for his life. Louis smirks and listens intently as he begs. 
"Zayn. Go," Louis demands over the mans tears. Zayn nods and walks off - trying to find money or anything of value. He finds money stashed away and some jewelry. He brings it back to Louis who nods when he sees it. Louis turns to the man and gives him a sick, sadistic grin.
"It's so sad you couldn't just give me my money. Maybe you could have lived..." Louis says and then he pulls the trigger. The bang vibrates through the shitty house and rings through the boys ears. The man lays in a heap on the ground, bleeding profusely. Louis walks over to him and kicks him, making sure he's dead.
"I got him, bring our shit to the car and be prepared to drive," Louis says. Zayn runs and does as told. Louis quickly and efficiently cleans the small house and then runs to his car. He gets in the passenger seat and Zayn speeds off.
"How did no one hear that?" Zayn panics. Louis glances over at him and then back to the road.
"They did hear it. No one really cares in that neighborhood, but the police will be coming soon so drive faster," Louis tells him emotionlessly. He gets like this after every kill. He can't seem to piece everything together and that little sliver of guilt always tries to creep in. He forces it away - like he does with everything - and continues to stare out the front widow.
His phone buzzes in his pocket and he pulls it out expecting Liam or Niall. It's neither, his phone isn't ringing and yet he can still hear it. He furrows his brow and reaches in his coat pocket, pulling out the shitty phone he uses to call Harry. 
"Hello?" he says. His voice still sounds detached and nothing like how it should.
"Louis? Can you come see me?" Harry mumbles out. Louis sits up straighter and he can feel Zayn glancing at him.
"Why? What's wrong?" Louis asks. Zayn is now definitely sneaking confused glances at him, but Louis ignores that.
"Nothing. I'm on your side and I just, I um, I wanted to see you," Harry whispers out. Louis can picture the blush covering the boys face and how he's probably biting his lip nervously.
"Okay. Meet me at the McDonalds," Louis sighs. He hangs up quickly and then turns to Zayn.
"Bring me to McDonalds and then go home," Louis says. Zayn does as told and the boys smoke the whole way there. Neither tries to strike up a big conversation, instead they just listen to each other breaths and the way the wind whistles as they drive over the speed limit.
They arrive at McDonalds quickly and Louis jumps out before the car is even fully stopped. His cigarette is still lit and hanging between his soft pink lips.
"Thanks. See you later," Louis dismisses him. Zayn is quickly driving away, leaving Louis by himself in the always busy parking lot. He pulls his coat on tighter and makes his way to the main door. He can smell the grease and it makes his stomach rumble hungrily.
"Louis," he hears someone call. He turns and sees Harry sitting at a booth. Louis starts to walk over and then stops. His blood starts to boil and he's ready to kill someone again. Harry has a deep bruise surrounding his eye and his normally plump lips are fattened. Louis walks over slowly, needing to calm down.
"What happened?" Louis asks. He's whispering, trying to keep all his emotions in. Harry looks down at his hands and starts to fiddle with his fingers.
"I didn't do something I was supposed to..." Harry explains. It's not a good explanation, but Louis knows it's the only one he' going to get. He nods his head once Harry looks back up. Harry's green eyes show how sad he is and then Louis notices he's not wearing a flower crown.
"Where's your crown?" Louis asks and Harry shrinks into himself, almost like he's trying to disappear. 
"Don't answer that. You hungry?" Louis changes the subject. Harry nods eagerly and Louis stands up from the booth.
"C'mon. I'll get you an ice cream or something," Louis says and Harry cracks a small smile and stands.
"An ice cream? Am I 5?" Harry teases and Louis shakes his head in amusement. 
"I certainly hope not, but I wouldn't complain if you called me daddy," Louis says and Harry chokes. Louis laughs at his expression.
"I'm kidding. What do you want?" Louis turns to the menu and he feels Harry move closer to him. They're arms are brushing together and Louis has an urge to just fuck the boy right on the counter. Of course that's highly inappropriate, so he won't do that.
"Can you just get me chicken nuggets?" Harry asks. Louis nods his head and makes his way to the cashier.
"Can I have the 10 piece chicken nugget meal and an Oreo Mcflurry," Louis orders.
"Is that for here or to go?" she asks and Louis turns to Harry, waiting for him to answer.
"Here and can I have sweet and sour with my nuggets," He says. She nods and types it all in. Louis pulls out his wallet and gives the girl the money. 
"It'll be just a minute," she explains. Louis ignores her and turns to Harry, a smile forming on his face.
"Next time you pay," Louis jokes, but Harry nods his head seriously. 
"I could've paid this time," Harry tries to defend himself, but Louis just rolls his eyes.
"I was teasing you, Harry. I have no problem paying for you," Louis reassures him and Harry blushes looking down at his feet.
"10 piece meal and Oreo Mcflurry?" someone shouts. Louis walks forward and collects their tray. He gives Harry his cup and lets him fill it up at the drink machine. He slides into his booth and Harry returns quickly.
The eat in silence and Louis notices how Harry seems to shove the food in his mouth, almost like he's starving. The thought makes him feel sick and he sets down his Mcflurry.
"Can I have a fry?" Louis asks. Harry slides them to him and Louis takes a couple out, nibbling on them.
"This feels like a really cheesy high school date," Harry comments and Louis laughs.
"I feel so bad for you if someone brought you to McDonalds for a date," Louis continues to snicker. He grabs his ice cream again and stuffs a spoonful in his mouth, sucking off the creamy dessert.
"You just brought me to McDonalds," Harry points out and Louis scoops out another spoonful.
"Not a date," Louis says and he watches as Harry's eyes seem to lose their happy shine. He curses himself in his head and tries to think of how to fix it.
"When I bring you on another date it'll be way better than this. We're just... Being friends," Louis tries to correct his last mistake.
"So you will bring me on another date?" Harry asks giddily and Louis can feel his heart pick up pace a little bit. Nothing serious, but Harry is just so cute and he actually wants to be around Louis. 
"Yeah, Harry, I'll bring you on another date," Louis promises him. Harry beams brightly and Louis feels funny. No one ever really wants to go on dates with him or talk to him, but here's Harry wanting just that. 
Harry's phone rings loudly and he pulls it out of his tight jeans and his face pales when he reads the name.
"Hi, Brad... Sorry, hi, baby," Louis makes a face at that. 
"I'm at McDonalds... No the one on Ferris... I know. I'm sorry," Louis frowns as he watches Harry seem to shrink and hide away the more he talks on the phone. It's like Brad takes away his shine and his happiness. Louis hates it and he hates the way Harry seems to obey everything he says.
"Okay. I'll be ready when you get here... Not tonight... Yeah okay. Okay. Bye," Harry hangs up and turns to Louis. Louis just stands up and throws out his Mcflurry, leaving the greasy restaurant. 
"Louis! Where are you going?" he hears Harry shout behind him and then he can hear the footsteps. Louis turns abruptly and it causes Harry to stumble to a stop.
"I'm going home. I shouldn't have even come here, because I fucking killed a man tonight and I have shit to do," Louis spits out. Harry stares at him with wide innocent eyes and his mouth agape.
"You killed someone?" 
"Are you fucking serious? You do know who I am right? And if your boyfriend-"
"He's not my boyfriend," Harry interrupts him. His voice is serious and low when he says that, but Louis doesn't care. He's seething and it's stupid because he's jealous. He's jealous that Brad can just come and get Harry and that Harry calls him baby and listens to his every command.
"Do not interrupt me. Ever," Louis tells him. His tone is cold and threatening and Harry quickly retreats and curls into himself.
"Don't call me again, Harry. I don't know what the fuck I was thinking, but this won't end well. You're a spy and a cheater and I'm not going to cause a huge problem over you," Louis informs him. He turns to leave - so he can call someone to pick him up - but Harry grabs his wrist.
"You can't just leave me, Louis. I thought we were getting closer-"
"Harry! I've talked to you what? Three times? This is nothing. I just wanted to get you in bed," Louis tells him. Harry drops his wrist quickly and swallows back the tears in his eyes.
"Of course. That's all everyone wants from me. Why would you be different?" Harry asks. Louis doesn't say anything. He just watches as Harry turns and walks away. He composes himself quickly before sending a text to Niall to pick him up. 
The fresh air should help him, but it doesn't. He can feel his anger building inside himself until it's practically consuming him. He hears a couple loud voices and turns in time to see Brad climb out of a car and slap Harry.
Louis balls his hands in fists, but remains where he is. He can see the man shouting and Harry looking down. Louis wants to go over and help him - take him home - but he can't. It's not his problem.
The car zooms out of the parking lot the moment Harry shuts his door and then Louis can feel everything snap. Harry left with that fucking man and Louis fucked everything up. Louis pulls his arm back and punches the wall closest to him. He can feel the pain rush up his arm, but he doesn't care. He just wants Niall to hurry up and pick him up.
He just wants to go home.
Louis groans and stretches as the early morning light shines through his curtains. His wrapped wrist has a slight ache from how he slept and a tired yawn escapes his lips. His eyes are blurry and droopy and his bare chest tingles from where the cool air touches it. 
He has no plans for the day - besides waiting to see if the police show up - so he slithers out of his room, down the stairs and into the kitchen. He can hear the whirl of the coffee maker and he can smell the caffeine lingering in the air. The kitchen is bright and cheery and so is the boy sitting at the counter.
Niall is scrolling through his phone, his mug of black coffee sitting next to him. He's always the first one to wake up, but he doesn't mind. He enjoys the having the time to think and just be with himself.
"Morning, Niall," Louis greets him. Niall drags his eyes away from his phone to flash Louis a smile. Louis returns it tentatively and makes his way to the coffee machine, making himself a cup.
Niall watches him and frowns. He likes Louis - in a friendly way. Louis is basically the brother he always wanted. He took Niall in and treats him like family and Niall worries about him because Louis' so closed off. He never lets anyone in.
"How's your hand?" Niall questions. Louis is leaning against the counter opposite him, drinking his coffee.
"It's fine, thanks. How was your night last night? I forgot to ask," Louis says. He was so caught up in himself that he forgot to ask Liam and Niall about their night. He feels guilty about that.
"It was fine, no troubles at all," Niall beams. Louis gives him a proud smile back and brings the coffee back to his lips. He likes Niall. The kid his so full of energy and just nice. He's too nice for this business, but Louis still took him into it.
There's the sound of their door opening in the front and Louis is immediately alert. He moves forward quietly, prepared to attack whoever entered their home when a familiar voice echoes through the house.
"Don't shoot! I'm just here for business," a girly voice shouts. Louis relaxes and grins, stepping out into their front room.
Samantha is standing there in her short shorts and crop top, a huge smile gracing her beautiful face. Louis still thinks she's way too thin, but she is beautiful nonetheless.
"Sam, where have you been?" Louis asks. He doesn't make a move to get closer to her, but his tone is friendly and welcoming. Samantha eyes the man in front of her and her heart squeezes painfully.
"I've been around. I'm here to drop off your money and show you that I'm all clean," she explains. She walks forward and pulls the doctors papers from her bag. Louis scans them and sees she is in fact all clean. Louis doesn't have many prostitutes -only Sam and Cathy - but Cathy just sends him the money, not wanting to meet him face to face.
"Good girl. No one has done anything to you right?" Louis asks. He worries about the girls, but Sam shakes her head and Louis can feel a relived sigh leave his lips.
Sam watches as Louis looks relieved that she's okay. It makes her crave him more and she hates herself for that. Louis doesn't want her, but god does she want him. He can be so sweet at times and he's protective and strong. He's every girls dream... Or maybe just hers.
"What are you doing today?" Sam asks. Niall strolls into the room and sees Sam with Louis. He knows the girl wants him and he feels bad for her, he really does. Louis is oblivious and even if he knew, he wouldn't care.
"Nothing-"
"We need groceries," Niall interrupts him. Louis turns to give him an annoyed glare and Sam shoots him a happy smile.
"Don't interrupt me and I'll get the groceries," Louis mutters out. Sam turns to him with wide eyes and pouty lips.
"Can I come? Please?" she begs. Louis huffs and rolls his eyes, but nods his head. 
"Yeah. I'm going to get dressed," he says and then he's climbing back up the stairs. Sam grins victoriously and sits down on the sofa. Her brown eyes shine with excitement and she plays with her wavy brown hair.
"I should tell you he's been seeing a guy," Niall warns her. She looks over at him and scrunches her nose. 
"A guy?"
"You didn't know he's bi?" Niall asks with raised brows. Sam shakes her head and slumps back closing her eyes and letting out a groan.
"Does he prefer guys?"
"Yeah. I think he likes this one too," Niall says sadly. He's not sad for Louis - he's happy he found someone - he's sad for Sam.
"Fucking hell," she breathes out. She reopens her eyes so she can look at Niall and forces a smile on her face.
"As long as he's happy," she says. Louis' happiness means a lot to her. He's saved her and taken care of her too many times, so all she wants is his happiness. Niall nods and they both sit in silence.
Louis comes strolling back down not too long after and waves Sam over to him. She hops up and goes to stand next to him.
"Niall, tell the other two where I went when they wake up and if the police come call me," Louis instructs. Niall gives him a faux salute which Louis playfully rolls his eyes at.
"Bye. Be good!" Louis call out and the he enters the garage, leaving Niall in the sunny room. Sam is quiet next to him and Louis gives her a questioning look, which she ignores. They both get into the car and Louis starts it, opening the garage door and then pulling out. The two drive in silence, but Sam has never been one to like silence so she speaks up.
"Maybe after this we can go for lunch? I know a cute, little place across town," Sam suggests. Louis glances over at her and shakes his head.
"Can't go over there," he says and she rolls her eyes.
"You're not doing business. They can't get mad at you for eating," She says and she has a point. Louis agrees to bring her for lunch after their shopping. 
They shop quickly, both buying food for their houses. Sams bill is significantly less than Louis', but he is buying for four people. They laugh and joke as the walk around and even when they arrive in the car. Louis is in a surprisingly good mood today and it surprises him. He thought after what happened with Harry he'd mope around all day.
Sam gives him directions to the restaurant and they finally find it after much cursing and searching. They exit the car and Louis grumbles about how hard it was to find the place. Sam just chuckles and happily follows the pretty boy she's with. To her this is a date. They walk in and the hostess flashes them a friendly smile.
"Hello. Table for two?" she asks and Louis nods. She leads them into the dining area and let's them sit. It's not a booth, but Louis doesn't bother to complain. He takes his seat and scans the place with cautious eyes.
"Stop being paranoid. No one will come in," Sam says. It's like she cursed everything because just then Harry and Brad both walk into the open room. Louis' eyes are glued to Harry and how the boy walks behind Brad like a scared puppy. 
"Fuck," Louis mutters and he tries to seem calm, but anger flares in him when his eyes connect with Brads. 
"Louis," Brad says. His voice carries across the room and Harry's eyes flick up to see the blue eyed boy. He notices the wrap on his wrist and he furrows his brow in worry. What happened to him?
"Brad." Louis replies coldly. Sams eyes bulge out when the name slips past his lips and she starts to feel nervous. She knows this could end in a fight.
"What are you doing over here?" Brad sneers. Louis grips the table - he hates when people talk to him like that - and takes a deep breath to calm himself.
"Eating. Me and my friend decided to have lunch," Louis tells him dryly. Sam frowns at the word friend, while Harry smirks. The tension in the air is thick and Harry jumps when he feels Brad grab his wrist. He grabs way too hard and Harry whimpers.
"Stop. You're hurting me," he cries out. Brad whips around and grabs the boy by the throat, not caring if people see.
"Shut up," he spits out. Harry wants to cry and scream, but no noise can escape his lips.
"Let go of him," Louis orders. His voice is slow and dark and completely terrifying. Sam looks at him and she's scared. She feels for the poor boy in Brads care and she hopes Louis can help him a little.
"No," Brad smirks and he tightens his grip on Harrys neck. Harry makes a terrible noise and it makes Louis beyond pissed. He moves forward and grabs the other man, pulling him away from the lanky boy.
"I said let him the fuck go," Louis seethes. Brad gives him an evil smile, his eyes narrowed.
"Why are you so upset? He's just a whore," Brad says. Louis can hear the sad cry behind him and he swings back and punches Brad square in the face. His wrist and hand throbs from the pressure, but he doesn't care. He punches him again and then Brad has him.
Brad gets in a good swing and hits Louis in the nose. He can feel the blood gush out, but again he doesn't stop. He manages to get Brad to the ground with much struggle, but once he's there he hits him. Louis can't stop and he can taste the blood flowing into his mouth.
"Louis! They called the police," he can hear Sam shouting. It snaps him out of his rage and he's on his feet in seconds. The people are staring at him with shocked eyes, but Louis doesn't have time for that. He throws Sam his keys.
"Get the car," he says. She runs for the door and is on the sidewalk in seconds. Back inside Louis turns to Harry and sees the boy looking at the unconscious man on the ground.
"Are you okay?" Louis frets. Harry numbly nods and he wants to reply - he wants to do so much - but he can't. He can't move or speak or think. Louis nods and then he's running out the door. He gets in and Sam speeds off, driving out towards the bridge so they can go back home.
"What the fuck, Louis?!" Sam yells. Louis doesn't say anything, he just stares ahead. He just lost his temper back there and he lost it over a boy. And he left the boy. Fuck. Fuck everything.
"Go back. We need to get him," Louis says. His voice is distant, still back at the restaurant.
"Like fuck I'm going back! They're going to put you in jail if we go back," Sam shouts. Louis doesn't get angry at her tone, too caught up in the thought of Harry.
"We can't leave Harry there," Louis argues and Sam hits the steering wheel with her palms.
"Too late!" she replies. Louis doesn't say anything after that, he just let's her drive. They arrive back to his house in record time, and he climbs out of the car quickly. They enter the house hastily and all the boys look at him questioningly. Sam storms in after him and watches as Louis walks up the stairs.
"What?" Zayn asks. Sam looks over at him and she wants to scream and maybe cry. She doesn't know what happened at that restaurant, but Louis got extremely protective, extremely quickly.
"Brad. He was hurting some guy named Harry and Louis just snapped," Sam explains. All the boys understand instantly and each has mixed reactions.
"I told him to stay away," Liam mutters. Zayn just looks down, not knowing how to feel and Niall is worried about Louis. 
"Let's just watch a movie 'til he comes down," Liam says. Sam just shrugs and walks over to the recliner. She's expecting the police to be here soon.
Upstairs Louis is pacing in his room. He can't shake the nervous feeling in the pit of his stomach and he needs Zayn to snap his nose back into place and check out his hand. It's throbbing and he may have brought it from a sprain to a fracture.
"Fuck," Louis curses. He pulls out his phone and texts Zayn, telling him to come check on him. He can hear the thump of footsteps on the stairs and then Zayn is in his room.
"Fuck, man," Zayn cringes when he sees Louis' face. Louis doesn't reply and just sits on his bed. Zayn comes over and looks at his nose - tilting his head from left to right.
"You're lucky I did medical school for 2 years," Zayn mutters out. Louis can't argue with that, Zayn is always fixing him up. Zayn just sighs and moves his nose back in place. Louis swears and his eyes water as his nose bleeds yet again.
"There you go, still a pretty boy," Zayn tries to lighten the mood. Louis just rolls his eyes and sticks out his hand. He isn't sure if he can use his voice at the moment. Zayn examines his hand quickly and just shakes his head.
"Still just a sprain. Punch someone in the face again and you'll probably break it," Zayn tells him. Louis nods his head and Zayn leaves his room. The quietness of the other boy unsettles him and he goes back into the main room and explains what happened.
Louis goes to his personal washroom and cleans himself again. He puts on a pair of clean sweatpants and replaces his hand wrap. He still feels off and he knows it's because he's worried about a certain green eyed boy. He reaches for his special phone and dials Harrys number.
"Hello?" 
"Harry? Are you okay?" Louis speaks quickly and his voice is laced with so much concern. It surprises both the boys.
"I'm okay. Are you okay? What happened to your wrist? And your nose?" Harry panics. Louis can feel a weight lift off his chest knowing Harry is alright. 
"Don't mind me. Where are you?"
"Brads," Louis notices the way Harry doesn't call it home, "Nick came and got me." 
Louis just settles back on his bed, a drowsiness overtaking him. He's so much more relaxed knowing Harrys okay. He closes his eyes and rests his head on his pillow.
"Next time I see Brad do that to you I will kill him," Louis informs the other boy. There's a pause on the other line and Louis waits patiently for Harry's response.
"Okay."
It's early. The sun barely skims the horizon and the birds are nestled deep in their nests. The streets are quiet and so are the family houses that are usually littered with noise. The world is peaceful, when a blaring ringing fills the air.
Louis opens his eyes in annoyance and reaches over, grabbing his phone. He plans on telling whoever it is to fuck right off - he's sleeping and god dammit they should be too.
He glances at his phone screen to see the name and it's blank. He furrows his brow and sits up in the bed. He looks over and sees his other phone ringing - his special phone. He grabs it quickly and hits the answer button, placing it to his ear.
"Hello?" he asks. His voice is deeper than normal. It's scratchy from sleep and it makes him sound more masculine, but not too masculine.
"Louis, can you pick me up? I know you told me not to call, but I don't -"
"Where are you?" Louis cuts him off. He rubs his face with his hand and swings his legs over the side of his bed. He glances at his bedside clock and sees it reads 6:43am.
"I'm at the bus terminal," Harry tells him. Louis' eyes open wider and he practically sprints to his closet.
"Which one?" Louis asks. His voice is quick and demanding. He can't help it though - Harry is far too pretty to be at a bus stop this early.
"The one downtown. Your side," Harry tells him. Louis has him on speaker and he's slipping on a pair of shorts. 
"Stay on the phone with me. I'm just going to wash my face and stuff... What are you doing there?" Louis wonders. He gets a tank top over his head and then grabs his phone - walking to the bathroom.
"I got kicked out so I just got on a bus..." Harry admits. Louis bites the inside of his cheek to keep from screaming. Fucking Brad. 
"Did he hit you?" Louis asks while he styles his hair. It doesn't take much effort, he just let's it flop around, giving him fringe.
"No. Can we just hang out today? I don't want to go back..." Harry asks shyly. Louis has a toothbrush in his mouth and he makes a loud humming noise. He spits out the minty foam and then rinses his mouth.
"We can go to the beach. I'll bring you shorts and stuff, okay?" Louis asks. It's basically the last week of August and the weather has been excruciatingly warm. He hears Harry agree and he grins. Louis goes back to his room and grabs a knapsack. He places all the things be needs for the beach - which isn't too much - and decides he'll buy snacks after he has Harry.
Through all this Harry in on the phone with him. They chat about stupid things and Louis basically gives him a step by step of what he's doing.
"I just grabbed my keys. I'll be getting in the car soon," Louis announces. Harry laughs and rolls his eyes even though Louis can't see. It's only a 15 minute drive to the terminal, but Louis keeps Harry on the phone.
He's half way there when he can hear another voice in the background. It's just a soft murmur, but Louis speeds up.
"I'm okay, thanks," Louis can hear Harry say. He's only two minutes away and the soft murmur sounds more harsh. Louis can't make out the words, but he feels like they're not good.
"I'm seriously fine. Someone is coming to get me," Louis hears Harry tell him. Louis clenches his jaw and harshly turns into the terminal. The sign says buses only, but Louis ignore the sign and climbs out his car. He enters the large building and sees Harry sitting on a chair - a man talking to him.
"Who the fuck are you?" Louis shouts. The man looks up and his eyes widen comically when he sees Louis. Harry looks over and rushes to him, hanging up his phone.
"What was he asking you?" Louis asks Harry. Harry just bites his lip and scurries behind Louis.
"He wanted to drive me home. I told him no," Harry says. 
"I know you did," Louis informs him calmly. When Louis turns to the guy he's not as calm. He's not calm at all.
"When someone says no, it means no. Talk to him again and I'll break your fucking jaw. Got it?" Louis asks him. The man - who is much bigger than Louis - actually cowers away. He's not stupid and he knows who he's talking to.
"Got it," the man replies. Louis just gives him one last glare and then takes Harry's wrist, leading him out to his car.
"Get in," Louis says. His voice isn't as harsh and Harry willingly complies. He doesn't mention that Louis broke the law by parking here and just leans back, letting out a sigh.
"He was a creep," Harry mumbles. Louis' started driving and he nods his head quickly.
"He was. Good thing we won't be seeing him anytime soon," Louis replies. Harry's sleepy so he lies back and closes his eyes.
"Can I have a quick nap?" he mumbles out. Louis looks over at him and sees the boy looks exhausted. His hair is a mess and his flower crown is half off. His sweater is wrinkled and his jeans dirty. 
"Of course. Sleep tight," Louis whispers out. Harry seems to curl more into a ball and he leans his head gently against the window. Louis constantly sneaks glances at him because he's just so fucking adorable.
The drive to the beach isn't a short one. Louis is bringing them far enough away so no one can bug them - also, this beach is great for surfing. The sun rises higher in the sky and starts to brighten Louis' mood. He rolls down is window and can smell the salt air. 
Harry still sleeps next to him and Louis notices how peaceful he looks - even with the bruises that litter his skin. Louis trains his eyes back to the road - he can't kill them - and tries to focus on anything except Harry.
Harry who is sweet and innocent and just cute. Harry who looks perfect no matter what and always calls Louis when he needs someone. Harry who trusts and relies on Louis and Louis loves that. He really loves that and yes, he does think it's strange.
He's known Harry all of three weeks. He's seen him around a lot - and yes, he did think he was really cute - but he doesn't even know this boy. Why did he come running at his every call and why was Harry even calling?
Louis can hear Harry stir in his seat and then the boys arms are above his head, stretching out.
"Have a good nap?" Louis asks casually. Harry lets out a tiny yawn and Louis can see him nod his head in his peripheral vision.
"Yeah. Thanks for letting me do that," Harry says. Louis frowns at his thanks because he wouldn't deny him a nap.
"You can nap anytime you want. If you're still tired you can sleep again," Louis tells him. Harry shakes his head and turns so he's facing Louis. 
"I'm okay now. Are we almost at the beach?" Harry asks. His deep voice is so quiet and shy. Louis hates how he wants to just cuddle the boy and give him compliments and kiss his scars.
"Almost. Probably like 10 minutes.... Fuck! I forgot to get snacks," Louis curses. Harry jumps at the sudden loud noise and Louis quickly apologizes for scaring him. Harry shrugs it off easily.
Harry doesn't seem to care about the snacks, but Louis is disappointed. He wanted to make this a cute day at the beach.
He sighs and just stares ahead. They drive into the dirt parking lot of the beach and Louis parks at the first spot. They're the only car in the lot and that makes Louis happy. He hates when beaches are super busy - this one usually isn't - kind of why Louis picked it - and they climb out of the car. The salty air clings to their lips and the ocean breeze tickles their skin.
Louis reaches into the backseat of his car and grabs his knapsack. Harry just stands there and admires the way the rising sun hits Louis' tan skin so beautifully. Sometimes it physically hurts to look at Louis because he's so pretty. 
Louis locks his doors and gives Harry a smile - a real smile - before he starts to walk ahead. He glances over his shoulder and smirks.
"Coming?" Harry quickly jogs up so he's in pace with the little man and they walk onto the sandy beach. Louis finds a nice spot and opens his bag, pulling out a blanket.
One they're all set up and each boy takes turns running to change they lie in the hot sun. Louis squints his eyes at Harry - he's still wearing his sweater.
"Aren't you hot?" he asks. Harry glances over at him and shrugs. He is hot, but he doesn't want to take off his sweater, especially in a public place.
"I don't feel comfortable with it off," Harry says. Louis nods his head in understanding, but he's itching to see the marks on Harrys skin. He wants to count them and place a bullet through Brad for each one.
People start to file onto the beach and Harry is building a tiny - and ugly - sandcastle. Louis watches him with so much fond and amusement it's absolutely ridiculous and yet he can't stop.
"How is it? And please lie," Harry grins at him. Louis chuckles and inspects the pile of sand. There's a stick sticking out of the top of it and rocks slammed in everywhere.
"It's the most beautiful castle I've ever seen," Louis lies. Harry laughs and just runs his hands over it to squish it. Louis rolls his eyes and lies back down. 
"Louis! Let's do something," Harry whines. Louis peaks open his eyes to see Harry leaning over him. He groans and sits up again, scanning the beach.
"Want to surf?" Louis asks. There's a rental shop by the ice cream shop and he looks at Harry to see him biting his lip.
"They have wet suits. No one will see you," Louis reassures him. Harry shakes his head and looks up at him. His green eyes seem to have become more vibrant as the day went on and his curls are left to fall all over his face - his crown tucked away in Louis' knapsack. Louis notices the way his skin glows in the summer sun and the way his lips look almost fake from the color. He's just so beautiful.
"I don't know how to surf," Harry says quietly. Louis just widens his eyes and then a huge smile takes over his face. He jumps up and reaches down for Harry's hand. Harry takes it questioningly and is hoisted to his feet.
"I'll teach you!" Louis cheers happily. As Louis drags him along the beach Harry can't help but think of what a contrast this Louis is to the other. Louis can be scary and intimidating and powerful, but then he's this cute man, wanting to go to the beach and teach Harry to surf. The strangest part is Harry likes both sides of him.
They arrive at the rental shop and Louis pays for their boards and suits. They change in silence and then Louis is practically sprinting to the water, his board under his arm.
"C'mon, Harold! We don't have all day," Louis shouts. Harry rolls his eyes, but quickens his step. He doesn't even comment about Louis calling him Harold. It sounds cute when he says it.
"We do have all day actually," Harry says when he's standing next to him. Louis just rolls his eyes and starts to walk into the water.
Louis explains everything to Harry. How to get on his board, how to stand, when to actually go. Harry listens intently, but when it's actually time to do the instructions he freezes.
"Harry don't freak out," Louis laughs. He can't help but laugh. Harry's fallen off the board while sitting so watching him try to stand will be hilarious. Harry scowls at him and gives him the finger.
"Shut up. I've never done this before," Harry complains. Louis just chuckles - not even offended - and prepares for the wave. 
"Remember what I told you!" Louis yells. Surfers in the water all get ready to ride the wave and Harry feels like he's going to throw up. The wave comes and Louis stands up skillfully. Harry tries and he stands for about three seconds before he falls. He thinks riding the wave to the beach would be more hectic, but he's there fairly quickly. 
He can hear loud laughter and looks up to see Louis. He's laughing so hard and his eyes are crinkled in the most perfect way. Harry just pouts and raises his hands, waiting for Louis to pick him up.
Louis moves forward and lifts him up easily. They find his board and Harry just plunks down on the beach.
"I'm gonna watch," he says. Louis just shrugs and walks off. Harry watches as Louis rides a few waves and everytime he comes over to have a small chat with him. Harry enjoys watching Louis surf more than he likes actually surfing.
A girl comes over and sits down next to Harry. He gives her a brief glance, but then resumes his eyes back on Louis. Harry notes that Louis has a very nice ass in the wetsuit.
Louis finishes the wave and comes running over. He smiles and waves, but the girl is the one that returns it.
"Hi, you're a great surfer," the girl says. Harry watches her in annoyance and he hates how he skimpy bikini leaves nothing to the imagination.
"Thanks. You surf?" Louis asks back. Harry rolls his eyes and huffs. Does Louis have to talk to her?
"I do! I was actually thinking about getting my board from the car. Can I join you?" she asks. Harry's lips form a tight line and Louis glances over at him.
"I'm actually with my friend. Another time? Just give me your number," Louis tells her. Harry feels his mouth open and the girl grins happily. She finds some paper and a pen and gives it to Louis. Her whole attitude is flirtatious and Harry is jealous. He is so jealous.
When she finally struts off Harry crosses his arms and looks away from Louis. Louis gives him a curious look and sits down next to him.
"Ready to go?" he asks. Harry just stiffly nods and stands on his feet. His board is under his arm and he doesn't even wait for Louis as he returns it and changes back into his clothes. Louis doesn't take too long to do the same routine and then they're packing up their stuff.
"What's wrong with you?" Louis asks. He's kind of hurt Harry is ignoring him and Harry rolls his eyes at the question.
"Why did you get that girls number?" Harry asks. Louis' eyes widen and then he smirks. Harry's jealous. Of some random girl. God this is great.
"Jealous?" Louis chuckles, but Harry just stares at him dead in the eyes.
"Yeah." he admits. Louis is taken aback by that because no one ever admits when their jealous. He expected a tiny argument and some teasing.
"You have nothing to be jealous of, babe. Let's go and get Blizzards from Dairy Queen," Louis tells him.
Harrys heart beats so fast when Louis says that. It feels so good to be called babe and just everything. Harry walks closely to Louis, his mood lifted.
The arrive at the car and throw everything inside before they drive off. Harry turns on the radio - with permission - and sings until they reach the drive thru. They order and Harry demands to pay. Louis lets him and then they're off again, back to reality.
Louis glances over when they're about ten minutes away from town and sees Harry has ice cream on his nose. He lets out a small laugh that captures Harrys attention.
"What?" he asks. Louis just smiles at him and looks back at the road.
"You're just really fucking cute."
And yeah, Harry blushes.
The sound of gunshots and chewing fills the room. The boys had the day to relax so they all decided to watch movies and order pizza. They're all piled around their living room - Liam on the recliner, Niall on the floor and Zayn and Louis on the couch - when Liam obnoxiously clears his throat. 
No one turns to him at first, all just eating pizza, eyes locked on the screen. Liam clears his throat louder and their eyes slowly drift over. Louis is still mindlessly eating his pizza, but his attention is somewhat on Liam.
"Since we're having bonding time, let's hear about Styles," Liam grins. Louis rolls his eyes and turns back to the movie. The pizza in his mouth his excuse for not replying.
"Tell us, Louis," Niall joins in grinning. Again Louis rolls his eyes and Zayn snorts next to him.
"He won't tell you guys anything. He doesn't even like you, Liam," Zayn replies. Liam throws something at him and Niall laughs. Louis just grunts and puts down his pizza.
"It's not that I don't like Liam, Zayn. He's just at the bottom of my list of things I do like," Louis explains.
"Asshole," Liam mutters. Louis just throws him a creepily sweet smile and reaches for his pizza once more.
"We still want to know about your boy," Liam says. Louis just takes another bite and leans back on the couch. He hums around his bite, pretending to decide if he'll tell them or not.
"Now, Liam, I don't see how this is your business," Louis mutters. Liam pouts and so does Niall. Zayn is trying to act like he's not curious, but he wants to know just like the other boys.
"Please, Louis," Niall whines. "We can all share something," Niall tries to convince him. Louis - who is really nosey - buys into that and nods in agreement.
"You all better have something interesting. Anyways, me and Harry are friends. That's it," Louis tells them with a shrug. They all give him a disbelieving look and Liam leans forward in his chair.
"Just friends? When was the last time you saw him?" Liam asks. He knows when Louis likes someone he spends a lot of time with them. Louis tries to think of how long it's been since the beach and then turns to Liam.
"It's been a little over a week," Louis says with a smirk. Liam furrows his brows in disbelief, but Zayn comes in smirking.
"Last time you had a conversation with him or checked up on him?" Zayn asks. Louis shoots daggers at him and huffs annoyed.
"This morning," Louis replies slowly. The three boys smirk and Louis just continues to shrug them off.
"Just friends? I thought you wanted to fuck him?" Niall pipes up. Louis groans and places his pizza down, ready to explain everything to them.
"I did, but I like this kid. I don't want to fuck him and then never talk to him again so, we're friends," Louis says. Zayn gives him a confused look and curls up on the couch more so he's facing Louis and not the television.
"Why not date him?" and Louis laughs at that. He did consider dating Harry, but it would just never work.
"I can't date him. He has baggage and a boyfriend," Louis tells him. The word 'boyfriend' tastes like acid escaping his lips.
"You'll end up dating him. I'll put money on it," Niall grins from the floor. Louis raises his brows as Zayn agrees. 
"How much?" Louis asks them. They both look at him with wide eyes, but Liam - who's been silently listening - decides to join the bet.
"150. If you date him you owe all of us that and if you don't date him we owe you," Liam says calmly. Louis thinks about it and then nods his head.
"Deal. Is there a time limit on this?" Louis asks and the boys shake their heads.
"Nope. You can never date him. If you ever stop talking to him then we'll pay or if you find someone else," Liam continues. The boys all agree and shake hands. Louis bites his lip because he's not so sure he'll win. A part of him wants to lose - a large part of him if he's honest.
The boys all turn and talk about their hook ups and clubbing and parties and shit Louis just tunes out. All he can think about is Harry and his green eyes and his deep voice and his dimples. Louis just stands up and grabs his phone specially used to call Harry because he misses him.
The boys watch in amusement as Louis leaves the room, phone attached to his ear. They all know who he's calling and Niall looks at the boys.
"This is easy money." 
Louis listens to the ringing on the phone and lets out a relieved sigh when he hears the familiar voice of Harry.
"Hey, Louis. What's up?" Louis looks back and sees his friends watching him. He flips them off and starts to climb up the stairs.
"I got bored. What are you doing tomorrow?" Louis asks. The boys can hear him and they all snicker, especially when Louis slams his door. 
"Nothing. Why?" Louis bites his lip nervously and tries to decide if he wants to do this. He did say they were friends and friends do hang out with each other. That's normal friendship stuff.
"Want to do something with me, maybe?" he asks. His voice comes out confident, but he's actually nervous. He doesn't know why, maybe because Harry always calls him not the other way around.
"Yeah. What are we doing?" Harry asks. He sounds so chill, but Louis can't see the smile plastered on his face through the phone.
"Your choice this time, babe. What time should I pick you up at?" Louis asks. He cringes when he calls Harry babe - he does it so much lately - but Harry loves it. 
"Can you pick me up at 11? I want to spend the day with you," Harry admits quietly and Louis knows then that he's going to lose that stupid bet eventually. How could he not? Harry is just so cute and perfect.
"Of course I can. You know I'll pick you up whenever you need me," Louis tells him truthfully. It scares him how much he cares for this stupid boy. It's only been over a month since he's known him - it's the first week of September - and he's willing to basically drop everything for him. 
"Okay. So we can do anything I want?" Harry asks to make sure. Louis nods his head - mostly to himself - and confirms his statement.
"What if I want to do you?" Harry asks cheekily and Louis laughs. 
"I did say anything," Louis chuckles and Harry is deadly silent on the other line. Louis thinks he's just flustered, but Harry's muffled voice comes through the phone.
"It's just my mom, Brad. I haven't talked to her in awhile."
There's some shuffling and then Harry's voice is back loud and clear.
"I have to go, mom. Talk to you soon," Harry says. Louis is disappointed and annoyed, but he plays along.
"Bye." and then Louis is the one to click the end button. He doesn't understand why he gets so upset and jealous whenever Brad and Harry interact. He knows they live together and fuck and do who knows what else, but it irritates him more than anything.
Louis just leaves his room and climbs back down the stairs. He sits down on the couch and grabs another slice of cold pizza and turns his attention to the movie. The boys don't ask him any questions and that's why he likes them, because they know when to keep quiet.
They spend the rest of the night just chatting and maybe smoking a lot of cigs and marijuana, but they can do that. They can do whatever they want and have whatever they want. And Louis for the millionth time decides he wants Harry and tomorrow is day one of winning him over. Bet or not.
It's 11:50 and Louis is leaning against his car. The weather is still warm and his tank top hangs nicely off his lean body. He has sunglasses over his eyes and he's talking on his phone.
"How much do they owe us?" he asks. His tone is quiet, not wanting people to hear him.
"The first guy owes us two grand, the second five," Liam tells him. Louis glances back at the bus terminal and sees no sign of Harry. He's relived and turns all his attention back to the phone conversation.
"We'll go and pick up the money tonight. What time do you think?" Louis asks. He knows Harry will be here any moment and he needs to have this call finished by then.
"I want it to all be done by 2. The second guy told me he has the five, but the first guy is avoiding me," Liam tells Louis. Louis is thankful the second guy has the money, it's always easier when they do.
"Okay. I'll be home by 11:30 and then we'll go. Tell Zayn to text that frat house too. They're having a party and need a large supply," Louis instructs Liam. He can see Harry walk out f the terminal and he raises his arm in the air to get his attention. Harry spots him quickly and walks over.
"I have to go, Li. Anything happens or any problems arise call me and I'll be there," Louis tells him. Liam says his farewells and then Louis is slipping his phone into his pocket. Harry has reached the car and Louis flashes him a warm smile.
"Hey, H," he greets him. Harry is wearing another sweater and his jeans (Louis can't imagine how hot he must be) and his flower crown fits perfectly in his hair.
"Hi, Louis," Harry greets him warmly. They're both just standing outside the car, staring at each other. Louis looks away from Harry's memorizing eyes and opens the door.
"We should probably get going," Louis says casually. Harry opens his own door and also climbs in. Louis has an urge to reach over and grab the boys large hand in his tiny one, but he doesn't. Instead he starts the car and starts to pull out of the parking lot.
"Where to?" Louis asks. Harry blushes ever so slightly and shifts in his seat, clearing his throat. 
"The mall first... And then maybe bowling?" Harry says. Louis nods and starts to drive towards the mall.
"What do you need at the mall?" Louis asks. Harry looks over at him and he has a shy smile gracing his face.
"Birthday present for my mom," he tells him. Louis smiles softly at him, fondness spreading through him.
"That's really sweet. Any ideas?" Louis asks. Harry shakes his head and Louis blurts out some ideas. They drive peacefully, just brainstorming and the parking area at the mall isn't busy. Louis parks up close and climbs out of his car, waiting for Harry.
"Let's go gift shopping," he cheers. Harry just chuckles, but walks to him, wanting to brush their hands together. Louis holds the door open for Harry and they enter the large air conditioned building. 
"I'm following you," Louis states. Harry rolls his eyes and gently and cautiously grabs Louis' wrist to pull him along. They walk from store to store and Harry eventually slips his hand down so it's in Louis'. Louis doesn't say anything, he just smiles down at their interlocked hands and lets Harry travel from store to store. 
They're in the middle of a jewelry store and Harry is looking at a diamond necklace. It's simple, with a silver chain and a white diamond in the center. Louis will admit that it's pretty and the price isn't too bad.
"You like that?" Louis whispers to Harry. Their hands are still clasped and the man behind the counter is smiling at them.
"That's a very lovely piece and the price is good," the man smiles. Louis looks down at it and back up at Harry. Harry is biting his lip and he looks away.
"I may come back," Harry whispers out. The man and Louis both furrow their brows and Harry tries to drag Louis away, but Louis won't have it.
"What's wrong?" Louis worries. He's speaking quiet enough for only Harry to hear and Harry's face has turned bright red.
"I just can't afford that, Lou. Can we please go," Harry says. Louis frowns and shakes his head. He turns and smiles at the man.
"I'll take the necklace, thank you," Louis smiles. Harry stares at him with wide eyes and moves forward.
"You can't do that!" he whisper shouts. Louis just looks at him and smirks.
"But I can and I did. Don't worry, I want you to pay me back," Louis tells him. The man returns with the necklace in a box and Louis pays for it all in cash. The man shrugs it off and Harry gingerly takes the black box.
"I will pay back every cent," Harry tells him as they walk out. They're no longer holding hands, but they're sides brush together as they walk.
"You better," Louis says in a fake serious tone. Harry shakes his head and focuses on the people in front of him. He sees a head of familiar wavy brown hair and his heart clenches. It's that girl Louis was with when he fought Brad. Harry doesn't know who she is, but he's still jealous. He prays her and Louis don't see each other, but the universe hates him.
"Lou!" he hears a girly voice yell. Louis turns at the sound of his name and smiles warmly at Sam, walking towards her.
"Hey, Sam. What're you doing here?" Louis smiles. Harry stands behind him awkwardly and Sam examines him. She knows he's the guy that Louis got in a fight over - Harry she thinks.
"Just shopping. What are you two doing here?" she asks suspiciously. Harry doesn't like her tone, but Louis is oblivious and just continues to smile at her.
"Shopping too. Actually, I think we're leaving soon to go bowling," Louis says. He turns back to Harry for confirmation and Harry nods his head.
"Bowling? That sounds like fun. I haven't been in so long," Sam says. Harry watches her in disbelief and he hopes Louis doesn't invite her along.
"Maybe we can go with the boys sometime," Louis suggests. Harry flashes her a smirk and she just sighs sadly.
"That'd be fun," she tells Louis. Louis notices her sad mood and moves forward to place a comforting hand on her shoulder.
"You okay?" he asks. Harry watches as Louis attempts to comfort her and honestly he doesn't like it. Louis is out with him and she shouldn't be intruding. Words are exchanged between the two and then Louis is turning to Harry.
"Ready to go, baby?" he asks. Harry can feel his heart beat fast at the pet name and he nods his head quickly moving forward. Sam watches as the two boys leave and Louis gives her a quick wave. 
"Who is she?" Harry whispers to Louis. 
"Sam. She's a friend of mine," he says casually, as if she means nothing more. Harry accepts the answer and just walks next to Louis. They enter his car and Louis goes through a drive thru to pick them up something quick.
"Next time we go out, I'm bringing you somewhere nice," Louis tells Harry as the eat their greasy fries. Harry doesn't say anything, he doesn't mind eating cheap as long as he's with Louis.
They arrive at the bowling place and Louis again pays for everything. He really doesn't mind and watches as Harry slides along the wood floor in his shoes.
The balls are bright and colorful and Harry goes over and picks two of them up, placing them over his chest. Louis laughs and pulls out his phone, snapping a picture.
"You're adorable. Now go," Louis says. Harry places one back and rolls the other one down the lane. He knocks over half the pins and pouts as he grabs the other ball.
The boys play three rounds - Louis only lost the last one - and of course the good times have to end. The two boys are laughing on the bench, taking off their shoes when Louis' phone rings. He picks it up and sees Nialls name flash across the screen.
"What's wrong?" he asks worriedly. Harry looks up and frowns at Louis, but Louis doesn't even acknowledge him.
"There was a huge fight downtown. Zayn and I think Nick? Anyways, Zayn's in jail for assault," Niall explains. Louis curses and stands up quickly. He grabs his rental shoes and throws them on the counter. Harry follows confusedly behind him and climbs into the car just after Louis.
"What happened?" Harry wonders. Louis is driving off and Harry is just so confused.
"Louis?" he tries and Louis' eyes flicker over to him for a brief moment.
"Zayn's in jail. I'm going to drop you off somewhere and go bail him out," Louis explains. Harry frowns - he doesn't want to leave Louis.
"No, I want to come," he says. Louis huffs but doesn't argue. He drives straight to the police station and parks his car terribly.
Harry runs to keep up with him as Louis bursts through the door. The police all look up and immediately they know why Louis' here.
"How much?" Louis asks instantly. The man behind the desk looks up at him.
"Thousand. Grimshaw said he won't take him to court," The officer explains. Louis rolls his eyes at the information.
"Of course he won't," Louis mutters. He pulls out his wallet and starts to count his money. Seconds later more people enter and Louis turns to see Liam and Niall.
"What the fuck is he doing here?" Liam asks pointing at Harry. Harry shrinks away and Louis just ignores him.
"Thousand to get his ass out. Pitch in," Louis says. The other two pull out their wallets and the thousand is there in no time. The police just roll their eyes and go and unlock the doors containing Zayn. Zayn comes out and his eye is black. His lip is busted and his hair a mess. Louis just shakes his head.
"You're an idiot," Louis tells him. Zayn just chuckles and moves forward, smirking at the police.
"Until next time," he calls as he enters the fresh air. Louis and the others follow Zayn out and are met with Brad and his guys. Louis instantly feels sick and he reaches back to grab Harry.
"What the fuck is this?" Brad asks. He's looking at Louis and Harry and his blood is boiling. Harry clings to the back of Louis' tank top.
"Nothing. We're all going," Louis says. He gives Harry to Zayn and protectively leads them to his car. Brad moves forward and grabs Louis, pulling him forward.
"You think you can just walk away with my boy like that? This isn't a fucking game, Tomlinson," Brad spits. Louis shoves him back and stands tall.
"I'm aware of that. Grab me again and I'll break your fingers," Louis threatens. Brad chuckles and moves forward to grab Louis, but Louis is quick and spins them around so Brad is pinned to his car. Louis has him by the throat and his fingers squeeze more every time Brad struggles.
"I'll fucking kill you without a second thought, asshole. We're outside the police station so I'm going to leave, but come at me like that again and I'll make sure I don't just leave bruises around your neck," Louis seethes. Brad is gasping for air and Louis moves so he can throw him on the ground. 
Everyone is just watching the two and Louis looks over to Harry and Zayn. He makes eye contact with Harry across the car and Harry is just staring at him with scared, wide eyes.
"The decision is yours. Me or him. Choose," Louis tells him. Harry glances at him and then Brad on the ground before he climbs in Louis' back seat without a word. Louis just slips into his own seat, Zayn on the passenger side. Liam and Niall are in their own car and the group drive away from the station, Brads group watching them as they go.
"This will be interesting," Zayn mutters as he glances at Harry. Harry just shrinks back and Louis doesn't reply.
This will be interesting indeed.
They aren't even through the door of their house when Liam decides it's time to yell.
"Why the fuck did you bring him here?" Liam yells at Louis. He gestures to Harry - who shrinks away - and then turns back to Louis, absolutely furious.
"Was I supposed to leave him there to die? Are you fucking stupid?" Louis yells back. That causes the other two boys to quietly move to the corners of the room. Liam and Louis stare at each other in fury, both refusing to back down.
"Am I stupid? Are you stupid? You're the one fighting outside the police station," Liam shouts and Louis just clenches his jaw, not wanting to fight Liam.
"I'm going inside." Louis states. He reaches behind him and gently takes Harry's wrist leading him to the door that connects their garage and house.
They just make it through the door when Louis can feel Harry being tugged away from him. He turns to see Liam grabbing him and Harry close to tears.
"You're not bringing him in our house! What the fuck, Louis," Liam shouts. Louis is tired of the nonstop yelling and he just stares Liam in the face, scarily calm.
"Let go of him right now, Liam. I swear to god if you ever grab him like that again," Louis threatens. Liam let's go of the boy and Harry stumbles over to Louis. Louis wraps him in his arms and glares at Liam.
"I'm bringing him up to my room. Come get me of you still want me to go out with you tonight," Louis dismisses himself. No one else says a word as Louis leads Harry up the stairs and to his room. Harry scans his room in awe as they enter.
"It's so big," Harry mutters. Louis just chuckles and leaves Harry so he can grab the boy something to wear to bed.
"It's alright. Are you okay with sweats and a tshirt for bed?" Louis asks him. Harry nods and Louis pulls them out passing them to him. 
"You can change here or the washroom over there. Your choice," Louis shrugs. Harry just walks to the washroom and shuts the door. Louis doesn't take any offense and just sits down on his bed. He's still pissed at Liam for yelling. How dare he yell at him for saving a person from getting beat? If anything he should be happy Harry is with them right now.
The washroom door opens and Harry walks out. He looks adorable in Louis' baggy clothes - they're not baggy on Harry - and Louis smiles softy at him.
"You can stay in here tonight, okay?" Louis says. Harry frowns and moves forward so he can sit next to Louis.
"Where are you sleeping?" he wonders. Louis shrugs and stands to his feet.
"The couch probably," he tells him. Harry frowns and gently takes his wrist, bringing him back to the bed.
"Can you just sleep up here? I don't want to sleep here alone," Harry whispers. His cheeks have turned a cute shade of pink and he looks down at the ground in embarrassment.
"Yeah, I can sleep here. I may have to leave later though," Louis tells him. Harry just shrugs and moves so he's cuddled into Louis' side.
"As long as I wake up and you're in the room. Liam scares me so I don't want to be alone," Harry admits. Louis looks down at the boy curled up against his side and gently moves his hands to his hair. He plays with the tiny curls and massages his head.
"I'll be here when you wake up. Are you tired now? Do you want to sleep?" Louis asks. Harry nods and they both move so Harry is lying at the top of the bed. Louis gets up and turns off his light, before he goes back to the bed and sits against the headboard.
"Can we cuddle? Or is that too much?" Harry whispers into the dark. Louis doesn't reply, just moves down so he's lying next to the boy and can pull him into his arms. Harry happily nuzzles into Louis' chest and curls up into him.
"You always smell so good," Harry mumbles out. His cheeks heat up immediately and Louis lets out a breathy laugh.
"I didn't mean to say that out loud," Harry tells him. He hides his face more into Louis' chest and Louis just draws patterns into his hip.
"That's fine. Thank you, you smell good too," Louis teases. Harry can feel his face heat up even more and he let's out a tiny groan.
"Shut up," Harry says. His voice is muffled from being in Louis' chest and Louis is just so fond of this boy. He may as well pay the boys their 150 because he's already lost this bet. How could he possibly win when Harry is cuddled next to him?
"I'm really tired. Night, Lou," Harry yawns out. Louis smiles softly and continues to gently trace shapes into his hip.
"Night, H. Sleep well," Louis mumbles out. Louis doesn't even make a comment on Harry calling him Lou - he usually hates it - but Harry can say it. Harry can basically do whatever he wants.
Louis can feel the small puffs of breath coming from Harry's mouth as he drifts off and the way his body relaxes and subconsciously moves closer to him. Louis feels so warm and just content lying there next to Harry, like he's been waiting his whole life for this moment. He's never been one to cuddle - no one ever asks - but he likes it. He likes the feeling of having someone next to him. 
He doesn't know how long he just lies there gently stroking Harry's cheeks and hair and watching how peaceful he looks in his slumber, but his door eventually creaks open. He turns his head to see Liam standing there, looking at him with wide eyes.
"Do you still want to come?" Liam whispers. Louis nods his head and slowly and carefully climbs out of the bed. He places the blankets higher on Harry and gently kisses his forehead before he turns and leaves the room. Liam doesn't say a word as he watches Louis do this and Louis is thankful. 
Once the door is shut Liam just turns and walks down the stairs. Louis mindlessly follows and they enter their living room. They have guns on the table and Niall and Zayn are counting money and drugs carelessly.
"Did they give us what we ordered?" Louis asks them. Zayn glances up and pulls a sucker from his mouth - Louis honestly thinks it looks funny - and nods his head.
"Yeah. Not a pound short," Zayn tells him. Louis smiles and reaches forward, grabbing his gun and checking to see if it's loaded.
"Great. You know where you're going tomorrow?" Louis asks Zayn. Zayn nods his head again and Louis just does the same before he turns to Liam.
"Let's go," Louis says. Liam turns and Louis waves at the two boys before he enters the garage. Liam is looking at him, waiting to see whose car to take.
"Take yours," Louis shrugs. Liam just climbs in the driver side and Louis climbs in the passenger. The garage door opens and then they're pulling out, ready to collect. The drive is awkward, neither boy speaking to the other. They both just smoke and smoke - a habit they should really quit, but aren't bothered to.
"Listen, Louis," Liam starts. Louis just turns to him and raises his brows, smoke hanging between his lips.
"I'm sorry I lost my shit earlier, I just don't want you to get hurt. You're one of my best friends and honestly he will cause a lot of problems," Liam tells him. Louis takes a long drag off his cig before he blows it out and tosses the rest out the window.
"I know, but I couldn't leave him with them," Louis replies. Liam nods his head and just keeps looking ahead.
"I know. I understand now. I thought about it after you left and realized that you couldn't really leave him to die, but you know Brad will come for him," Liam sighs. Louis nods and scans their surroundings. They're in a rich neighborhood, something Louis sees quite a bit in the industry.
"I know he will. I like him though, so I'll deal with it," Louis states. 
"As long as you're happy, bro," Liam smiles. Louis gives him a small one in return and then Liam is pulling over. Louis looks up at the large house and shakes his head. The rich are always buying something.
"Which one is he?" Louis asks curiously. Liam flicks his eyes over at him and grins.
"Five grand. Let's go."
The boys climb out of the shiny, black car and walk up the path to his door. His lawn is well kept and nothing appears out of place. Louis scans the area, noticing security cameras. They reach the door and Liam gently knocks, not wanting to make it sound urgent and threatening. The door opens and reveals a middle aged man. His hair is starting to grey and his lean body is in a suit, even at this time.
"Here's the money. Next time it won't take as long," The man promises as he passes them an envelope. Louis takes it and Liam keeps the man at the door while he counts. Louis counts quickly and then turns to the man with a smile.
"Have a good night," Louis says. The man relaxes and wishes them the same. The two boys just turn and walk back to their car. Louis puts the money in the the small box in between their seats and turns to Liam.
"Nice place," he says. Liam just starts the car and they drive to their next location. They don't talk much and they arrive at the place quickly. It's a university neighborhood, filled with idiots. Louis sighs, knowing this person probably won't have the money. Liam parks and turns to Louis.
"Ready?" he asks. Louis just climbs out of the car and follows Liam to the house. They knock on the door and Louis is surprised when it opens quickly, revealing a scrawny guy, with blood shot eyes and greasy hair.
"They're just grabbing the money now. We have it," he squeaks out, his voice shaky and scared. Louis snorts and just stands there, waiting for them to appear. Two other boys come up - they look just like the first - and they pass him a wad of cash.
"Should all be there," the guy squeaks. Louis looks at them unsure and starts to count the money slowly. It takes awhile - they paid two grand in mostly 50's - but it's all there.
"Thank you, boys. Have a good night," Louis tells them. They all nod and watch as the two boys leave. Louis and Liam climb in their car and drive off quickly. 
"Tonight was easy," Louis says. Liam pouts and nods.
"I was hoping for something more eventful," he replies. Louis laughs and shakes his head in amusement. They arrive back at their house fairly quickly and they throw the money on the table.
"Add this to the pile, Niall," Louis says. Niall looks up at him - clearly stoned - and starts to laugh.
"That rhymed," he laughs. Louis snorts and rolls his eyes at the fake blond.
"Yeah. I'm going to bed, guys. Night," Louis waves. The three wave and Louis climbs back up his stairs. He enters his room silently and strips so he's in his boxers. He looks over and sees Harry still asleep in bed and climbs in next to him. Harry stirs and looks up at Louis. 
"Hi," he croaks out. Louis just smiles and cuddles closer to him.
"Go back to sleep, love," he whispers. Harry nods and lies back down. Harry places his head on Louis' chest and Louis places a protective arm around his waist. They eventually fall asleep all wrapped up in each other and maybe the other three boys come in and see them.
And maybe they all snicker and snap some pictures so they can tease Louis in morning. Maybe.
Louis opens his eyes only because he can feel someone running their fingers up and down his chest. He thinks it's Niall at first - Niall loves to wake everyone up in disturbing ways - but when he glances down he sees Harry lying there. He smiles softly and shifts so the boy knows he's up. Harry looks up at him with squinty eyes and a sleepy smile.
"Morning, Lou," he grins. His voice is raspier with sleep and it gives Louis goosebumps. 
"Morning. How long you been up?" Louis sleepily mumbles out. He yawns after the words leave his mouth and Harry thinks he's adorable in the morning.
"Not long. Maybe 10 minutes," Harry tells him. Louis nods and pats Harry's side, telling him to get up. Harry just rolls over and watches as Louis stands to his feet. Harry admires his toned chest and muscular legs as he walks to his drawer and grabs sweat pants.
"There should be food and coffee downstairs, you want some?" Louis asks. Harry smiles and nods, jumping out of the bed. His bare feet slap against the wood floor and Louis chuckles at his enthusiasm.
Harry follows Louis out his door and down the stairs. He wants to reach out and touch the shorter boy, but holds himself back. They enter the kitchen and see that the other three boys are awake and dressed.
"Oh look, it's the love birds," Zayn coos. Niall turns to hide his laugh and Liam sips his cup of tea. Louis furrows his brows and Harry blushes.
"What are you talking about?" Louis ask. Niall pulls out his phone and jumps off his stool, walking over to Louis. He shoves a picture of Louis and Harry cuddling in Louis' face and smirks.
"You two are so cute. Who knew you were so soft, Louis?" Niall laughs. Louis smacks Niall in the head - playfully - and rolls his eyes.
"Stay out of my room, asswipes," Louis tells them. Liam is still laughing into his tea and the other two just smirk, shrugging their shoulders. Louis just turns to Harry, noticing he hasn't said anything.
"What do you want?" he asks gently. 
"Your dick," Niall yells and Liam coughs tea all over the floor. Harry blushes an even deeper red, but Louis ignores the comment all together.
"I'll just have coffee," Harry says. His voice is soft and obviously nervous. Louis turns to the boys - who are watching intently - and nods his head to the door.
"Leave us be for a bit," he tells them. They all complain, but grab their mugs and head to the living room. Once they're gone Harry seems to relax considerably and moves closer to Louis.
"Can you show me where everything is?" he asks. Louis smiles and shows Harry where he can find everything in the kitchen. He promises a proper house tour later in the day and leaves Harry to make his own coffee.
Louis decides he should probably make them some food, so he grabs out bacon, eggs and pancake mix. He's a terrible cook, but he can at least try and cook something. He pulls out the pans and Harry jumps up on the counter, watching him.
Louis starts off okay, but the more he gets into it the more Harry laughs at him. Harry eventually places down his mug and jumps off the counter. He moves so he's behind Louis and gently grabs his hand in his own.
"You flip them like this," Harry says. He moves Louis' wrist with his and Louis just lets him lead him. Harry smiles and doesn't move after the pancake is turned. He just rests his head on Louis' shoulder and wraps his arms around his waist.
"Is this okay?" Harry asks. Louis moves one of his hands down and places it over Harry's, a smile coming onto his face.
"Yeah. This is fine," he tells him. Harry smiles and just stays like that while Louis cooks his food. They talk easily about nothing and Harry tells Louis about his love of traveling.
Niall peaks into the room and sees them laughing, Harry wrapped around Louis. The smell of food lingers in the air and he can't believe Harry can make Louis act like this. Louis who is ill tempered and an overall asshole, looks like a lovesick puppy around Harry.
"Is this good or bad?" Zayn whispers in Nialls ear. Niall jumps and whips around to face Zayn and then looks back at the two boys. He bites his lip in thought and then shrugs.
"Good, I guess. He looks happy for once," Niall says. Zayn agrees and they both quietly back away, though Niall plans on going in for breakfast.
"Can you grab me some plates?" Louis asks Harry. Harry nods and moves to grab them. It takes him a few moments to remember where they are, but he finds them and brings out enough for everyone.
"Thanks, love," Louis smiles at him. Harry practically melts at the pet name - which happens every time Louis let's one slip - and just climbs back on the counter. Louis serves up food on every plate and then leans back so he can see out the opening that leads to the living room.
"Breakfast!" he shouts. Zayn is the first one in the room, followed by Niall and then Liam. They all grab the plates hungrily and sit down at the table to shovel it in their mouths. Louis watches them with disgust and scrunches his face.
"You three are actually disgusting. Why do I live with you?" Louis asks. Niall smiles at him and talks with his mouth full of eggs.
"Because you love us," he mumbles out. Zayn laughs and smacks him, muttering a 'swallow your food'.
Harry just watches them all interact with curious eyes and he laughs along with some of the things said.
"So, Louis' boy, what do you like? You know, besides cock," Zayn asks. 
"Zayn!" Louis shouts in shock and Niall just high fives him and laughs. Liam just shakes his head and quietly continues to eat.
"I, um, well. I like stupid things," Harry mumbles out, flustered. Louis feels bad for him and Zayn leans forward.
"Hey, we all like stupid things. What do you like, we won't judge," he tells him. His tone is softer now, nicer and Harry visibly relaxes.
"Okay. I really like to travel and the beach. I like to party and watch old movies. What about you?" Harry asks politely. Louis smiles fondly at him and moves forward, wrapping an arm around his tiny waist.
"That's not too stupid. I like art," Zayn tells him. Harry's eyes light up in interest and he starts to ask questions all about Zayns art. Zayn happily talks to him about it - no one else ever asks - and he actually likes this kid.
"I drew a picture of Louis once. He told me to burn it," Zayn chuckles. Harry turns to Louis with a grin on his face.
"Why would you tell him that?" he asks. Louis shrugs and leans more into Harry, glaring at Zayn.
"He made me look evil! I had this ugly scowl on my face-"
"I was trying to draw you accurately," Zayn protests. Louis just rolls his eyes and dramatically turns away from him.
"You want the tour of the house now?" Louis whispers up to Harry. Harry looks down at him - his shyness officially gone - and eagerly nods.
"Yeah."
Louis just takes his hand and leads him out of the room. He shows him where all the boys rooms are and where the large washroom is. He brings him down to their gym - they gutted the basement to make room for it - and then brings him to their large backyard. Harry just walks through the house in awe - it's so big - and clings to Louis' hand. 
Louis leads them back to his room and they both flop down on his bed. Harry sighs happily and leans back, looking at the ceiling.
"I like it here. I'm not scared all the time," Harry says to the ceiling. Louis moves closer and curls up next to him, his head tilted up so he can see his face.
"I don't ever want you to be scared here, okay? You're safe here," Louis promises. Harry looks down at him and gently touches his cheek.
"I feel safe with you," he admits shyly. Louis grins and leans up to kiss his chin. Harry giggles - which Louis will admit is fucking adorable - and then glances back to the ceiling.
The room is quiet, they don't need to say anything at all though. They just sit in their own thoughts and enjoy the feel of each other. The whole thing is ruined when a phone rings loudly. Louis knows it's not his and he lifts his head off Harry so he can get up and grab it. Harry runs over to his pants lying on the floor and grabs his phone, accepting the call.
"Hello?... Um, one minute," Harry mumbles. He walks across the room and passes the phone to Louis. Louis takes it in confusion and places it to his ear.
"Yes?" he asks. There's a laugh on the other end and Louis' blood runs cold.
"Always so rude, even on the phone. I just wanted to call and say I'll be taking back my toy soon. You see I really miss him, he can suck me off like no other," Brad muses. Louis grips the phone tighter, his jaw clenched and his blood now boiling.
"You'll have to learn to live without him, because as long as I'm around you will never put another hand on him," Louis tells him. He's trying to stay calm, but he has an urge to hit something.
"Oh, but Louis, Louis, Louis he belongs to me and he will come back," Brad tells him. Louis grabs the blankets on his bed, his knuckles turning white.
"Over my dead body," Louis spits. There's a pause on the phone and then a faint laugh.
"That can be arranged."
The phone goes dead before Louis can reply. All he can think about is Harry being taken away from him and how Brad will hurt him. How Brad will mark his beautiful face and make him cry and frown. Louis can't have that, can't have anyone touching Harry. 
Harry can see the distress and anger in Louis' eyes. He's scared to approach him, but he wants to comfort him. He carefully moves forward and gingerly touches Louis' arm. He expects him to lash out at him, but Louis gently takes his hand and pulls him onto his lap. Harry quickly complies and happily straddles Louis' waist. He looks down at him and Louis' blue eyes meet his. They look sad and confused and they remind Harry of a stormy day on the ocean.
"You're not his," Louis whispers out. Harry knows what he's talking about and nods his head in agreement. Louis hesitates, nervous about what he wants to do, but he just gives in. He lifts his head up and places his lips on Harry's. 
Harry is shocked at the sudden gesture, but quickly kisses him back. He's wanted to feel Louis' lips on his since their first date and everything about the moment feels right. Their lips move skillfully together and Harry can feel Louis wrap his arms tighter around his waist, pulling him closer. Harry wraps his arms around Louis neck and his fingers play with his feathery hair. 
Just as suddenly as Louis kissed him he pulls away and his intense blue eyes look up at him urgently.
"You're mine," Louis whispers out. The words don't sound commanding or possessive, it's almost like he's asking, without actually asking. Harry wants to feel angry at being claimed, but he doesn't. His heart beats fasters and he leans in closer, nodding his head.
"Yours," he whispers back. Louis relaxes at that and kisses his lips again. It's short and Louis pulls away, seeming to want to say something else.
"I'm yours too," he tells him. It's something Harry has never heard before. Brad never wanted the title and here Louis is giving it to himself. Harry smiles, feeling completely whole and joyful at the moment.
"Yeah. You're mine too," Harry confirms.
It's been two days since Louis first kissed Harry and maybe, he sometimes gets fed up with the boy. Louis can't help it, he gets annoyed easily and Harry just does things that get under his skin.
Tonight for example; Louis reaches down to pull the blankets up and realizes that he has none. Again. He looks over sleepily and sees Harry wrapped up like a burrito, snoring away. Louis purses his lips and gently - okay not so gently - shakes the boy awake.
"Hmm?" Harry stirs. He cracks open his eyes and sees a very tired Louis looking at him. He just tilts his head to the side, silently asking what's wrong.
"You took all the blankets. Again," Louis complains. Harry just pouts at him and closes his eyes.
"Well if you cuddled with me like the first night, maybe I wouldn't," Harry tells him stubbornly. Louis just groans and rolls over, ignoring him. Harry - who hates being ignored - moves closer and wraps his arms around Louis, kissing his neck and bare shoulders.
"Stop it, Harry, I'm trying to sleep," Louis mutters out. Normally he would love Harry kissing him, but he's tired and he just wants some blankets so he can sleep.
"I'll let you sleep if you agree to cuddle me," Harry murmurs against his skin. Louis just shuffles away from him.
"No."
Harry pouts and starts to move his hands up and down Louis' toned stomach. Louis jerks at that and jumps from the bed, clearly annoyed.
"You know what? Fuck you and your cuddling and your blankets," Louis mutters out. He leaves the room and walks down to the couch. He looks for a blanket and of course there isn't one. He just flops down on the cool leather surface and closes his eyes. He doesn't need this shit at 5 am.
Louis does fall asleep and when he cracks his eyes open again the room is dark except for the television. His blanket from his room is draped across him and he looks up to see Harry staring at the screen.
"What are you doing down here?" Louis mumbles out. Harry moves his head to look at Louis and Louis can see the dark bags under his eyes in the glow off the tv.
"Couldn't sleep. You looked cold so I brought your blanket," Harry whispers and yeah. Louis can never stay mad at Harry because he's actually so sweet and Louis has a tendency to overreact. So, they always just move on when they have small disagreements and that's that.
"You look tired, baby. Let's go to bed. I'll cuddle with you," Louis sleepily mutters out. Harrys eyes shine bright and he turns off the tv while Louis stands from the couch. Harry moves to him and curls into him. Louis just holds him and kisses the top of his head, his silent way of saying sorry.
They both stumble up the stairs and into their room. They fall onto the bed and Harry wraps his arms around Louis, holding him close. Louis just closes his eyes and let's Harry kiss his bare shoulder and intertwine their hands as he drifts off.
It's only 3 hours later that there's a loud knock on the door. Louis - who turned in his sleep and is now facing Harry - groans into his chest. The knocking continues and Louis moves so he can shout without it being muffled.
"Fuck off, whoever you are," Louis yells. He can feel Harry stir beside him and gently rubs his hands down his side to calm him. The door opens without Louis' consent and Zayn peaks in to see the two boys still sleeping.
"Get off your arse, Louis. We have shit to do," Zayn says. Louis glares at him and is about to reply with something snarky, but Zayn just slams the door, waking Harry.
"What was that?" Harry mumbles out. Louis turns from glaring at the door to softly looking at the sleepy boy.
"Just Zayn being an ass. Go back to sleep, love," Louis replies. Harry frowns and lies his head back down on the pillow. His eyes are open and he's staring at Louis with his wide, pretty eyes.
"Aren't you going to lie down with me?" Harry asks. Louis purses his lips and lets out a tiny sigh. He hates telling Harry no, but he does have stuff to do.
"I can't. I have work stuff to do," Louis tells him. Harry pouts but closes his eyes again. Louis smiles fondly down at him and then stands, getting his stuff to shower. The warm water hits his skin and causes goosebumps to rise. He loves showering, it's always so refreshing and it makes him feel better no matter what. He scrubs his hair and body, taking his time and watching the suds roll down the drain.
He exits the shower after fifteen minutes and just walks into his room, towel loosely draped around his hips. He peaks over at Harry and sees the boy all wrapped in the blanket, seemingly passed out. Louis just chuckles and drops his towel, searching for clothes.
"I'm very much enjoying this view," a voice rasps behind him. Louis jumps and turns to see Harry sitting up, smirk on his face.
"I'm glad, you'll be seeing more of it later," Louis teases. He slips on his boxers and other articles of clothing while Harry lazily chats to him.
"So what time will you be back?" Harry asks. Louis shrugs and walks into the washroom, grabbing his toothbrush. Harry follows him in and jumps up on the large counter, looking down at him.
"Can I go into the gym?" Harry asks. Louis nods, mouth full of minty foam. Harry grins and grabs his own toothbrush. He brushes his teeth on the counter and Louis rolls his eyes. How can he look cute just brushing his teeth? How is that possible?
Louis finishes first and spits out the remaining foam from his mouth. He rinses and then wipes it off. He takes one look at his hair and decides he's not in the mood to style it. It looks good enough.
"You can do whatever you want. Go to the gym, go outside, cook. Just don't go into the others boys room," Louis tells him. Harry spits and nods his head.
"Where do you keep the wrapping paper?" he asks. Louis stops and actually has to think. He's not even sure if they have any. No one in this house buys presents.
"Should be in the closet by the washroom. If not text me and I'll pick some up. Why?" Louis asks. They've entered his room again and he grabs his wallet, keys and sunglasses.
"Wrap my moms gift. I'm supposed to go Sunday," Harry tells him. He shuffles his feet nervously and Louis walks over to him, taking his hand.
"That's fine. Why are you so nervous?" Louis wonders. Harry looks down at his feet and he seems to ponder his next words.
"I was, well I was just wondering if you'd come with me? You don't have to, but I'd like it if you did..." Harry trails off. Louis' brows are raised, his eyes wide and his mouth slightly open. Harry wanted him to meet his mom? Louis has never met anyone's parents. Who would bring Louis to meet their parents? He has tattoos and he swears excessively and he sells drugs for a living. 
"You want me to go?" Louis asks cautiously. Harry looks up at him through his lashes and nods his head. He looks so nervous and Louis hates that he can't say no to him.
"I. Yeah. Okay," Louis tells him. Harry smiles and his dimples pop out and his perfect teeth flash. Louis can feel a nervousness build in his stomach at thought of meeting his mom, but Harry looks so happy. He leans down and connects their lips in a sweet, short kiss.
"Thanks, Lou. I haven't seen them in awhile so this means a lot," Harry says. Louis just offers him a small smile and pats his side.
"No problem. I have to go now. Text me if there's a problem," Louis tosses out before he leaves through his door. He gave Harry his real number a couple days ago and thank god Harry wasn't mad. He actually understood and just shrugged it off. Another reason to like him.
He reaches the main floor and Zayn comes out of the kitchen as if waiting for him to come down. He just gives him a look and shakes his head.
"Lover boy is going to have to leave if he keeps you from business," Zayn tells him. Louis rolls his eyes and watches as Zayn grabs his bag full of goodies.
"He's not keeping me from anything. First meeting is at 1 and it's..." - Louis pulls out his phone and checks the time - "10. So shut up."
Zayn just huffs and follows Louis into his car. He opens the garage door and pulls out. The weather is cloudy today, but warm. Louis rolls down his window and lets the fresh air fill the car.
"Where are the other two?" Louis asks eventually. Zayn just pulls out a cig and lights it.
"Liam went to deliver the out of town and Niall went to pick shit up from Graham and also give him his money."
Louis just nods and drums his fingers over the wheel. A cigarette ends up in his mouth too at some point and he aimlessly inhales and exhales the harsh smoke.
"What did this kid order?" Louis asks. Zayn glances over at him and smirks.
"10 grams and 50 tabs of E." Louis snorts. The guy they were dropping it off to was a uni guy, and a new customer. 
"What time are we meeting Sarah at?" Louis asks. Sarah's one of their most frequent customers. She calls them every month or so for some more weed and they happily deliver.
"2:30. We're meeting her at the same place," Zayn tells him. Louis just goes back to drumming his fingers and cruising down the streets. He stops at a Subway and turns to Zayn.
"I'm starving and it's only 11. Want to come and eat with me?" Louis asks. Zayn just climbs out of the car, bringing his bag with him. They enter the shop and Louis' mouth salivates at the smell. He's so hungry and his stomach rumbles embarrassingly loud. The place is empty so Louis is ordering first.
"I'll have your breakfast sandwich with bacon and just throw everything on it, I'm famished," Louis tells the guy. He just chuckles and does what he's told. Zayn is more picky and tells the guy what to put on and exactly how much. They pay separately and then take a seat at one of the tables.
They talk around bites of food - Louis basically inhales his - and plan for their weekend.
"I can't do anything Sunday," Louis tells him. Zayn frowns and gives him a curious look.
"We always do stuff Sunday. You're breaking tradition?" Zayn asks. His tone is teasing, but he's actually curious as to why Louis can't do anything. Usually the boys all go out or watch movies.
"Yeah. I'm, um. Doing stuff," Louis mutters out. His cheeks have turned a slight color of pink and he takes another bite of his sandwich.
"Stuff? Like what? Are you taking Styles on a date because that's a shitty reason to break tradition," Zayn accuses. Louis shakes his head and sighs. Zayn is honestly his best friend so maybe he can talk to him about it. He's nervous as fuck about meeting Harry's mom if he's honest.
"It's Harry's moms birthday," Louis starts. Zayn places down his sandwich and leans forward, his whole demeanor now amused.
"Her birthday? Aw are you going to meet the family?" Zayn teases. Louis groans and drops his head into his arms.
"Yes. And I'm scared as fuck and you're an asshole," Louis whines out. Zayn laughs and pats his shoulder.
"You'll do fine. Just smile and dress nicely. Oh, and maybe don't mention you sell and use drugs. Just a thought," Zayn adds in. Louis lifts his head so Zayn can see him roll his eyes and Zayn just grins at him happily.
"This will be priceless. I hope they pinch your cheeks and call you 'sweetie' and 'honey'," Zayn snickers to himself. Louis reaches over and smacks him in the head.
"I hate you. Let's go," Louis says, standing up. Zayn just wraps up the other half of his sandwich and follows Louis out to the car. He's smoking again and Zayn just pulls out a cig of his own, leaning on the car next to him.
"You'll do fine," He reassures him. Louis looks at him through the small layer of smoke they've created between them and let's out a tiny sigh.
"I hope so."
And that's all that's said. Nothing else needs to be said. They finish their smokes and climb back into the car. Louis drives to the address and they're 10 minutes early, but oh well. Better early than late. They walk up to the front door of the house - it's a good size for frat boys - and knock on the door. A guy - a couple years younger then them - opens the door, a toothy smile on his face.
"Hey, what can I do for you?" he asks. 
"I have a special delivery," Louis smiles at him. The guy instantly knows who they are and he opens the door more, stepping out of the way. 
"Come in. I'll grab the money. How much?" he asks. Zayn steps forward and throws him a casual grin.
"600 for everything," Zayn tells him. He nods and leaves the room. Zayn pulls out the bags and shows them to Louis. Louis just smiles at them and waits for the guy to return. He does quickly and hands Louis the money, which he counts quickly and it's all there.
"10 grams and 50 tabs?" the guy asks. They both nod.
"Exactly what you asked for," Zayn promises. The guy nods his head and smiles wide.
"Awesome. I'm having a party tomorrow night, you guys should come," he offers. Louis turns to Zayn and gives him a look. Zayn gives him another look and Louis understands completely. It's creepy, but that's how they communicate sometimes.
"Can we bring some friends?" Louis asks and Zayn nods behind him. The guy nods his head vigorously and smiles wide.
"Yeah 'course! The more the merrier," he cheers. Louis just shrugs and turns to Zayn. Zayn nods and turns to the guy.
"We'll be here. Thanks, bro."
"No, thank you. See ya later," the guy dismisses. They walk to the door and Zayn opens it up, Louis turns around when they're halfway down the path and the guy is in the doorway watching them.
"You have our numbers if you need us," he calls out. The guy gives him a thumbs up and with that they make their way back to the car.
They drive over to the hair salon downtown to deliver their final bag to Sarah. She's standing out back, smoking against the wall. When they pull up she drops the smoke onto the ground and walks over to them. Zayn climbs out of the car and smiles at her.
"How's my favorite customer?" he grins. She just chuckles and passes him the hundred for her 10 grams.
"I'm splendid now," she tells him when he passes her the bag. She slips it in into her purse and smiles over at Louis.
"How're you doing, darling?" she asks. Louis chuckles and grins at her.
"I'm doing good."
"He got himself a boyfriend," Zayn pipes in. Sarah stares at him with wide eyes and then turns to Zayn.
"You've found someone that can actually tolerate him for more than 10 minutes?" she jokes. Zayn laughs and Louis rolls his eyes. He actually likes Sarah though, he's known her for several years thanks to this business.
"I was surprised too," Zayn replies. Louis just shakes his head and checks his phone. He has a message from Harry asking for wrapping paper.
"Get back in the car, Z, I have to grab something," Louis calls. Zayn nods and bids goodbye to Sarah. She just waves as they drive away. He stops at a shop and picks up plain wrapping paper and some chips for Zayn. He throws them at him and drives the rest of the way home, listening to Zayn crunch.
When they enter the house it smells delicious and both boys wander into the kitchen. There's cookies cooling on a rack and Harry cleaning dishes. He didn't even know they had stuff to make cookies.
"Hey, H," Louis greets him. Harry turns to him and smiles wide. He drys off his hands and moves forward, kissing his forehead.
"Hey, Lou," he grins. Before either of them can move or say anything more Zayn pushes in between them, moving to the cookies.
"I'm eating these so go be cute somewhere else."
Louis just rolls his eyes and leads Harry up to his room. He grabs the wrapping paper on the way and throws it on his bed. He moves forward and pulls Harry to him, placing his lips on his.
"Hey," Harry mumbles when he pulls away. Louis just shakes his head and climbs onto the bed. Harry follows and cuddles up to him.
"I hate when you leave. I get bored," Harry complains. Louis looks down at him and purses his lips.
"Maybe we'll get you a pet," he decides. He leans down and kisses his cheek and then pulls back.
"Your wrapping paper is there and we're going to a party tomorrow," he tells him. Harry just nods and moves down so he can grab the paper.
"Okay. So we have a day to recover before my moms," Harry says. Louis watches him as he gets up to grab the present off the floor.
"Yeah. We'll all be hungover and eat pizza Saturday," Louis agrees. Harry hums and just focuses on wrapping the present perfectly. Louis watches him with so much fond and liking. 
And once the present is wrapped perfectly Harry moves forward so he can kiss Louis until Niall runs in complaining about Zayn eating all the cookies.
Parties always meant trouble. Louis is aware of that and he's prepared for it. His back seat has his necessities in case something goes wrong tonight because so much can go wrong so quickly. He doesn't voice his concerns to Harry though. He doesn't want to worry him.
"Take both cars," Louis tells the guys. They're all dressed casual, still wearing short sleeves in the warm weather. Liam grabs his keys and gestures for Niall and Zayn to follow him.
"We'll meet you guys there," he shouts as he leaves. Louis just waves him off and waits for Harry. He got out of the shower not too long ago, so he should be down any minute. Louis aimlessly scrolls through his phone and deletes messages that are old.
There's steps on the stairs and he looks up to see Harry wearing a flannel and his skinnies. His hair is pulled back in a headband, not a flower crown and his dimples are deep in his cheeks as he skips down the last few steps. 
"You look good," Louis compliments. They went out earlier that day and bought Harry a whole new wardrobe - he obviously wasn't going to Brads to pick up his old clothes.
"Thanks. You look good as per usual," Harry grins. Louis just rolls his eyes and stands from the couch. He walks over to Harry and kisses his cheek as thanks and then slips on his vans. Harry puts on a pair of brown boots and then they're walking through the garage door.
"You locked the front door right?" Harry asks. Louis nods and climbs in. The garage door opens and then they're on their way. Harry chats to Louis about stupid shit - Louis occasionally adds in a comment - and Louis mainly smokes. They reach the party in no time and park behind Liam, thankful there was a spot left.
"Lets go," Louis cheers. Harry is excited and moves over to Louis, attaching their hands and leading him towards the busy house. It's a warm night and most people are in the backyard drinking and smoking. Louis goes with Harry and grabs him a beer, letting him have his fun.
Louis won't drink - he's driving and he really doesn't want to be in an accident - so he just watches amusedly as Harry chugs back the beer. He's clingier when he drinks and he curls into Louis' side, kissing his neck.
"Is he alright?" a girl - Rachel- giggles. Louis smiles and gently moves Harry in front of him.
"He's a little tipsy, should be fine," Louis chuckles. Harry just happily leans into Louis' chest, not caring that he couldn't give him anymore neck kisses.
"Okay. So how do you know Greg?" Rachel asks. Louis tilts his head and Rachel laughs.
"He's the person that's hosting the party," she clarifies. Louis makes an 'oh' sound and nods his head.
"My friends know him. I tagged along," Louis lies. Rachel sips her beer and then continues talking. Apparently she goes to university with him. They talk for a few more minutes and then a group of people come and join them. They all introduce themselves and Harry gets into the conversation.
"You surf?" a guy asks. Louis chuckles and shrugs.
"Not really. I'm okay at it. Mostly do it for -" he stops mid sentence and his posture goes rigid. Everyone gives him curious glances, but he just pulls Harry into him more and steps back.
"Sorry, got to go," Louis tells them. He's gone before they can reply, dragging Harry with him.
"What's wrong?" Harry asks. He watches Louis worriedly and Louis' eyes scan the crowd again. He spots him and notices that he's watching them.
"Jake's here. I need you to stay with Niall okay?" Louis asks. He keeps an eye on Jake - one of Brads guys - and pulls his phone out of his pocket. He texts the three boys and waits for them to come to him.
"Where are you going?" Harry asks. Louis turns to him and sees a pout on his face. He stands on his tiptoes and kisses him.
"I'm going to make sure he's gone," Louis says. Harry nods and leans down to kiss him again. Louis doesn't complain and kisses Harry back. It's an innocent kiss, but Liam still groans when he sees them.
"Can you two stop? Please?" he asks. Louis pulls away and Harry pouts, still wanting to kiss him. 
"We're done. Niall, watch him. You two, make sure no one else is here," Louis orders the boys and all do as told. Niall leads Harry back into the crowd and the other two go and scan the crowd. Louis just starts to walk to the side of the house. He needs to get to his car to get his gun. 
The side of the house is empty and the house casts an eerie shadow on the ground. Louis just walks through, but stops when he hears the click of a gun. He turns slowly and sees Jake standing with his gun pointed at him, smirk on his face.
"You should know not to wander off alone, Louis," Jake tells him. Louis grits his teeth and balls his fists.
"You should know to stay away from me," Louis replies, voice clipped. He can feel his heart hammering in his chest - right where the gun is pointed. He sent all the other boys off, so he's alone and weaponless.
"You seem pretty harmless to me," - Jake chuckles - "Such a shame that all this is over a boy, but Brad really misses his Harry," Jake says, knowing it will piss Louis off.
Louis clenches his jaw and he wants to lunge forward and beat his smug face into the ground, but the gun is pointed on him so, he needs to stay calm. He swallows and refuses to speak, not wanting to give Jake the satisfaction of knowing his comment got to him. He just stares into his eyes and waits for him to pull the trigger. He's preparing for the pain of a bullet, but instead Jake falls to the ground. Liam stands behind him, gun in hand.
"He won't be out long. Let's bring him to the river," Liam says. Zayn moves out from behind him and throws the man over his shoulder. Louis lets out a relived breath and pats Liam's back.
"I fucking owe you," Louis breathes. Liam just nods and smiles to himself.
"I've always wanted to knock someone out with the butt of a gun," he grins. He's obviously proud of himself and Louis is too. Liam basically saved his life.
"Well you knocked him out. There's rope and shit in my car, tie him up in the back seat," Louis tells Zayn. Zayn nods and continues to carry him. People ask what happened as the reach the front of the house and Louis just explains how he's had to much to drink. Everyone gives him sympathetic looks, letting them pass without trouble.
When they reach his car Louis starts to drive before Liam even has his door shut. Zayn is in the back, tying up Jakes hands and feet. Louis watches to make sure no one is following them and presses harder on the gas, going way over the speed limit. The lake is fairly close to the house and Louis skids into the lot, parking the car crookedly.
"Let's go," he instructs. Liam and Zayn both carry Jake down near the lake and Louis reaches in the back, grabbing his gun. He finds the boys behind some trees and he sees Liam attempting to wake the tied man up. He stirs after a slap to his face and his eyes land on Louis, his face turning pale.
"Thought you could actually kill me?" Louis sneers. He watches as Jake looks at him with terrified eyes and he wonders of this is how he looked earlier. Louis feels rage course through him and he lifts his foot up and kicks Jake square in the face. Blood starts gushing from his nose and he falls on his side, cursing under his breath.
"I'm harmless?" Louis asks him. Zayn and Liam both watch as Louis kicks him in the face again, making more blood pour down his face. Louis nudges him with his foot, making him lie on his back, facing Louis.
"I want you to look at me while I kill you," Louis tells him. Jake whimpers and struggles against his restraints, causing the three boys to laugh.
"You won't be able to get out, Jakie, stop trying," Zayn taunts him. Liam snickers beside him and Louis grins enjoying this all too much. 
"You guys will have to be quick when I'm done," Louis tells them. They nod in understanding and then Louis turns back to Jake, a sick smirk on his face.
"First thing, Jakie; Harry is mine. Not Brads. Mine," Louis tells him and then he shoots him right in the stomach. Jake lurches and blood flows from his mouth. His breathing is faint and he occasionally chokes on his own blood.
"Second; When killing someone don't talk too much and don't hesitate," and with that Louis puts the bullet through his head. The silencer he keeps on his gun tones down the volume, but the bangs still ring through the air. 
Louis moves forward and kicks his side to make sure he's dead. The body moves limply with his foot and Jakes eyes stare blankly at the sky. Louis just puts his arm back and shoots him again for good measure - and also because he really pissed him off.
"Stop shooting him so we can get rid of his body," Zayn says. Louis shrugs and takes off his shoes, throwing them in the bag Zayn has. They get Jake into it and then throw away their bloody clothing - Louis has extra in his car - and weigh down the bag with rocks so it'll sink in the lake. 
Liam brings the body to the bridge that leads from the beach to the park. He drops it in the murky water and watches as it sinks down. Zayn and Louis are already back at his car dressed and scrubbing their skin. Liam runs to them and climbs in, saying he'll get ready on the way back. 
Louis drives casually back to the party - giving Liam time to change and Zayn time to clean the back on the car. The party appears to be like it was before and the three boys climb out, looking normal and clean. They go around back and Louis scans the crowd quick. It appears Brad only sent one guy - stupid on his part - so he starts to scan for Harry. He finds Niall and walks over to him. 
"Where's Harry?" he asks the blonde. Niall turns to him - looking completely wasted - and points to the corner.
"Over there talking to some guy," Niall tells him. Louis just shoves Niall as he walks by and goes to find Harry. He needs Harry right now because he's still riled up and Harry knows how to calm him. He can see his tall frame standing near the wall and a guy standing in front of him, touching his arm in a flirty manner. Louis - who's already angry - becomes furious and he moves forward with longer strides.
He's normally not the jealous type, but something about watching another guy touch Harry makes his blood boil and his skin itch. He reaches them in a matter of seconds and places a forced smile on his face.
"Hey," he says. Harry spots him and relief fills his eyes. He moves forward and curls into Louis' side, nuzzling his nose into his neck.
"Who's this?" Louis asks Harry. He's gesturing to the guy who is glaring at them currently.
"I'm a friend of his. Who are you?" the guy asks. His voice is rough and clearly annoyed. Louis gives him an icy look.
"I'm his boyfriend," he blurts out. The guy looks at him in shock and then laughs. He scans Louis from head to toe and them looks at Harry with wide eyes.
"This pipsqueak is your boyfriend?" he continues to laugh. Harry's eyes widen when the word leaves his mouth and he can't grab Louis fast enough to stop him from moving forward. Louis grabs him by the front of his shirt and slams him into the house. The guys head smacks against the brick exterior and a small crowd gathers around them.
"You might want to watch your mouth," Louis warns him. The guy - noticing the crowd - refuses to back down and smiles at Louis stupidly.
"I'm not scared of little people," he remarks. Louis just lifts him off the wall and slams him back into it, making him smack his head again.
"Do you really want to fuck with me right now?" Louis spits at him. The guy looks dazed from whacking his head again, but he manages to make eye contact with Louis.
"Why would I not?" he tests. Louis can feel himself close to losing his temper completely, but Harry steps forward.
"Louis," he says gently. Louis can hear him and he unclenches his jaw and throws the guy to the ground. The guy lands in a heap and Louis pulls Harry to him.
"Don't talk to him," Louis warns. He can feel Harry take his hand and he's going to let him drag him away, but the guy stands up. He doesn't want to be shown up by Louis in front of all these people.
"Scared, little man?" he shouts. Harry freezes at that and he can feel Louis tense up near him. He tries to hold onto him, but Louis rips out of his grasp and in one smooth movement punches the guy in the face. He stumbles backwards, but doesn't fall. 
Louis gets annoyed by that and brings his foot back, swinging it forward with a lot of power straight to his groin. The man doubles over and Louis brings his foot back again, kicking him straight in the face. The guys falls back and once he's down, Louis' on top of him, punching him with everything he has. His fist connects repeatedly with his face and the crowd watches cheering and clapping.
Harry's looking for Liam hoping he'll show up to pull Louis off the guy. Harry can't see any of the guys anywhere and he's too scared to try and stop him. He doesn't want Louis to hit him. Louis keeps swinging and there's blood all over his hands. Harry finally moves forward and grabs Louis' arm. He expects to be shoved back or even hit, but Louis actually stops.
Louis looks up and sees Harry looking down at him with scared eyes. It shatters his heart and he stands to his feet shakily. People in the crowd just watch as he gets up and Harry grabs his wrist, pulling him away. People move forward to help the other guy once Louis' gone, but Louis pays no attention to them.
All Louis' attention is on Harry and Harry is looking anywhere except him. He leads them to a quiet place close to the back of the yard and turns so he's looking at Louis. Louis fidgets uncomfortably under his gaze and lifts his hand up to fix his hair.
"Fuck. Your knuckles, Lou," Harry chokes out. He grabs Louis' hand and rubs his thumbs over the cuts that have formed.
"I just beat someone and you're worried about my knuckles?" Louis chuckles. Harry looks up at him and a smile plays at his lips.
"They look bad. Are you okay?" Harry worries. Louis laughs now and he pulls the tall boy down so he can press a firm kiss to his lips.
"I'm fine, don't worry about me," Louis mumbles against his lips. Harry just closes the space between them again and roughly kisses Louis. 
Louis can feel Harry's wet tongue slide between his lips. He greets it with his own, feeling his breath in his mouth and tasting the beer Harry's been drinking. As they kiss, Louis feels Harry's hands slide down his back and to his ass. Louis squeaks when Harry playfully squeezes it and that makes Harry chuckle and they pull away from each other.
"I really like kissing you," Harry tells him. Louis shakes his head in amusement and backs away.
"I can tell. Let's go home so I can clean myself up," Louis tells him. Harry just follows beside him closely and lets Louis wrap his arm around his waist. They arrive at his car and Harry climbs into the passenger seat.
"I thought you were drunker when I left you," Louis points out. Harry turns to him and shrugs.
"Niall wouldn't let me drink while you were gone and watching you fight sobered me up," Harry explains. Louis just focuses ahead and tries to obey the traffic laws.
"How did things with Jake go?"
"I killed him."
The car is silent and Harry is just looking at Louis with a shocked expression.
"It was me or him, Harry," Louis tries to explain. Harry just looks down at his lap and grabs Louis' hand.
"Is it sad that that's normal? For you to kill people and for me to not even flinch when you say it?" Harry asks. Louis isn't sure if he actually wants an answer, but he decides to give one.
"Yeah, it's sad, but that's how it is. Too late to change it," Louis mutters. Harry squeezes his fingers and neither says another word.
They arrive at the house and pull into the garage. Liam's car is still gone so Louis texts him telling him they left. They enter the house and Harry stops Louis from going any further.
"Promise me you won't get killed," he whispers. Louis can feel his heart break at the sadness in Harry's voice and he reaches out, running his thumb across his cheek. Harry is the first person to ever say that to him. To ever worry about him dying and it makes him feel like crying.
"I can't promise that," Louis replies. He swallows thickly and watches as Harry nods sadly, looking up at the ceiling.
"At least promise you won't die over me. I know that's what this is about," Harry says. Louis looks away and bites the inside of his cheek.
"I can't promise that either."
"What can you promise me then?" Harry asks.
Louis looks at his perfect face and takes it all in. The boy he's only known for a month and a half, but has admired for months. The boy that has somehow managed to steal his heart so quickly he didn't even realize it. He takes him all in and just admires him yet again because he deserves to be admired and loved and cared for.
"I can promise I'll keep you safe," Louis promises him. 
Harry looks him in the eye and there's so much emotion Louis has to look away. Harry moves forward and lifts his chin up so he can look him in the eyes again.
"You can't promise that either, Lou," Harry tells him. Louis just wraps his arms around his slender frame and buries his head in his chest, knowing he's right.
Louis is awakened by the sound of retching. It's coming from down the hall and he's not quite sure which boy it is. He reaches over and touches Harry who's sleeping beside him soundly. At least he isn't sick.
Louis tries to close his eyes again, but the person is still getting sick and god it's loud. Louis groans and slithers out of bed. His feet thump against the wood floor and he silently sneaks out of his room. He walk to the main washroom and knocks on the door. There's no answer so he slowly opens it and sees Niall lying on the floor near the toilet.
"You need some water?" Louis asks. Niall looks up at him and weakly nods. Louis just shuts the door again and walks down the stairs. He grabs a large glass of water and two painkillers. He carries them back upstairs and sneaks through the washroom door. The room smells of vomit and it makes Louis' stomach twist. He reaches over and flushes the toilet.
"Here, buddy," Louis whispers. He passes Niall the two pills and places the water next to him. Niall mumbles something unintelligible and drains the glass of water, popping the pills in his mouth. Louis just leans against the counter, watching him to make sure he's okay.
"Go to bed. I'll get you a bucket," he tells the boy on the floor. Niall whispers out a quiet 'okay' and stands to his shaky feet. Louis helps him up and leads him back to his room. Once Niall is all tucked in Louis runs back down the stairs and grabs him a bucket.
Once the bucket is beside his bed Niall is throwing up into it. Louis scrunches his nose and backs away from him. Poor guy.
"Call if you need me," Louis tells him as he exits his room. The dark hallway is silent as Louis stumbles the short distance back to his room. He's not sure if he's still tired, but he climbs back into his warm bed anyway. Harry rolls over in his sleep and drapes a heavy arm over his chest and Louis doesn't have it in him to move it.
He just stares up at the ceiling and worries about everything. He worries about Harry, about his friends and he even worries about himself. Last nights events play in his head and he knows Brad is playing a game with him. If he really wanted Louis dead he would've sent more than one person. 
He tries to think what of what Brad could possibly be doing. Maybe he's testing them. Maybe he's tiring them out so he can go for the kill. Louis really has no idea and that's exhilarating and scary at the same time.
Harry stirs next to him and Louis turns his head as Harry lets out a tiny whimper.
"My head hurts," Harry whines out. Louis sighs and pulls the boy close to him, kissing the top of his head, his curls tickling his nose.
"I'll get you some water and painkillers," Louis mumbles to him. Harry just shoves his face into his pillow and moans. Louis rolls his eyes at his dramatic behavior. 
The clock says 8:30 in the kitchen and that's basically when Louis becomes a nurse. There's the sound of vomiting coming from upstairs and he can hear people grumbling and cursing. He closes his eyes and wonders why they all had to drink. 
He goes back to his room first and gives Harry what he needs. Harry thanks him in a barely audible whisper and Louis just leaves. He goes to check on Niall to see he's asleep. He then creeps to Zayns room. Zayn is lying on his bed, arm thrown over his face.
"Louis?" he croaks out. Louis is tempted to just walk away, but with an exasperated sigh he answers him.
"What do you need?" he asks. Zayn doesn't move from his position and just opens his mouth.
"Water, a bucket and painkillers."
Louis just nods even though Zayn won't see and leaves the room. He walks into Liam's and the smell of vomit is overpowering. It almost makes Louis throw up in the doorway. Liam is sitting on his bed, head between his knees and his own puke on the floor.
"That's fucking disgusting! I'm not cleaning that," Louis cries. Liam lifts his head weakly and looks at Louis. He has a pitiful look on his face, but Louis is not going to clean his mess up.
"Louis, if I clean it I'll be sick again," Liam complains. Louis shrugs his shoulders and starts to back away.
"Your problem. I'll bring you what you need and leave it outside the door," Louis tells him. Liam pouts on his bed and just glares down at his puke. 
Louis rushes and grabs two sets of everything for Zayn and Liam. He goes to Zayns room first and sets up the bucket and helps him get comfortable.
"Nurse Louis. How cute," Zayn chuckles. Louis gives him a hard look and smacks the glass in his hand. The water splashes all over Zayn and his bed.
"So cute," Louis agrees, flashing him an evil smile. He runs from the room before Zayn can do anything to him and walks to Liam's. He's not sure if he should just leave it outside the door like he said or go in. He decides he'll be nice and opens the door. The room still smells, but the mess is gone from the floor.
"You actually cleaned it," Louis says shocked. Liam lifts his head from his pillow and just reaches his hands out, wanting the pills and water.
"Yeah, the smell was horrible," Liam tells him. Louis passes him his water and places the bucket by the side of his bed.
"Do it in there next time," is all he says before he leaves the room. He's not even tired anymore so he goes back downstairs and to the kitchen. He makes himself a coffee, but is too lazy to actually make breakfast. 
He just opts for going to workout. He hasn't done it for awhile and he's in a desperate need to hit his punching bag. He trots to the stairs and then jogs down them. He enters the large room, filled with gym equipment. The room is well used by all the boys on a daily basis and it's probably their best investment.
Louis walks over and wraps up his hands. His knuckles are still cut open from yesterday, but it doesn't affect him. He's already shirtless and his sweats hang low on his hips. He moves to his bag and throws a punch. The bag sways slightly - barely at all - and Louis punches again.
He keeps this up and the more he does it the harder and faster his swings become. The only sounds in the room are his heavy breathing and the whack of the bag each time he hits it. He took kickboxing lessons for years, so he brings up his legs and kicks the bag now. 
His kicks have always been stronger than his punches. He used to play soccer and his leg muscles are well defined and quite strong. He just keeps fighting the bag, sweat falling down his skin. He wishes Liam wasn't sick because he'd love to practice on him right now.
He stops when he gets thirsty and realizes that he forgot to bring his water bottle and a towel. He curses under his breath and starts to run up the stairs. His adrenaline is pumping and he's considering going back down to run on the treadmill. He prances into the kitchen and sees a tired Harry reading the paper and drinking coffee.
Harry looks up when he hears someone. He's expecting Zayn, but instead Louis strolls in shirtless and sweaty.
"What were you up to?" Harry asks. He tries to keep his eyes on his face, but they trail down to his stomach where you can see his lean muscle. Honestly Harry is trying to keep his composure, but Louis looks really hot. 
"I was in the gym. Feeling better?" Louis asks innocently. He reaches up and grabs a large glass, filling it with water. Harry just watches him in admiration and Louis raises his brows.
"Hm? Me? Yeah. I'm feeling better. Yup," Harry agrees. Louis puts the glass to his mouth to hide his laugh and chugs it down. The water feels so good and he quickly refills the glass.
"What are we doing today?" Harry asks. Louis puts his glass on the counter and jumps up so he's sitting next to it.
"Nothing much. You're all hungover," Louis points out, "I was thinking of calling Sam and asking her to bring breakfast and then watch movies?" Louis suggests. Harry agrees and watches as Louis makes the short phone call. He notices the way Louis' eyes crinkle when he talks to her and how his laugh is light and airy. He hangs up the phone after a short time and jumps off the counter.
"I'm going to get in the shower," Louis lets him know. He goes back up to his room and climbs into the shower, cleaning the sweat that sticks to his skin. The shower his quick and so is him getting dressed. He puts on a sweater, sweat pants and beanie. He brushes his teeth and then he's knocking on the boys' doors letting them know Sam is coming with breakfast.
The sound of people moaning and grumbling is heard and Louis smiles to himself as he once again enters the kitchen. Harry is still in the same spot, now reading his phone. 
"What movies should we watch?" Louis asks. Harry jumps at the sound of his voice, not having heard him enter the room.
"I don't know. I'll probably just sleep on you honestly," Harry admits. Niall stomps into the room and throws Harry a glance.
"If I have to be up so do you. No sleeping," he grumbles out. Louis can hear Liam yawn in the other room - his yawns are really loud and distinguishable - and he peaks out to see him sitting in his chair.
"Let's go out and see what movies there are," Louis suggests. Niall just nudges past him and Harry moves beside him. Zayn and Niall are lying across the couch and Liam is in his chair so, Louis and Harry have the floor. Louis just scowls at them and steals all the blankets, creating a sort of nest.
He lies down on top of it and Harry moves and curls up against him like a cat. Louis just wraps an arm around him and pulls the blankets up. With his free hand he turns on the tv and scans the movies they have.
"Put on a comedy or something," Liam yawns out. Louis clicks on that section and they go through all the movies. None really peak Louis' interest, but Liam and Niall both agree on something stupid. Louis clicks play and watches as the screen comes to life. He doesn't care much for the movie and instead draws small shapes into Harry's back, making the younger boy shiver.
His eyes scan over his pink lips and his face is pale from feeling ill. He turns more so he's practically facing him and brings his other hand up so he can trace his face. Harry's eyes flicker to him and they're droopy from sleep.
"You're making me sleepy," Harry whispers. Louis smiles slightly but continues to gently caress him. Harry moves so his head is on Louis'shoulder and closes his eyes, ready to sleep.
Louis just lets Harry drift off and tries to focus back on the movie. It's really not that great, but Niall and Liam occasionally chuckle. He thinks Zayn may have fallen asleep like Harry and honestly, he's not too far off.
His eyes start to slowly shut, but a key opening their door captures his attention. Sam walks into the dark house and sees the five boys in the glow of the television. Her arms are full of coffees and food from Starbucks.
"I said greasy food," Louis complains. Sam raises her perfect brows at him and juts out her hip.
"Shut up and take what I brought you, you ungrateful brat," she says, trying to sound serious. A smile breaks across her face despite her efforts and Louis laughs. Harry lifts his head to see what's happening. His eyes land on Sam the same time hers land on Harry. They just stare at each other and Niall snickers on the couch, mouthing 'bitch fight' to Zayn.
"Give me some food, I'm starving," Liam shouts out. Sam moves her eyes away from the cuddling boys and passes Liam a coffee and a bag.
"I don't know what's in there. It's a surprise," she grins. Liam just rips open the bag and stuffs his hand in, eating whatever he can grab. She places the rest of the food on the table and squeezes in between Zayn and Niall. 
"So you're all hungover?" she asks. She looks at all of their bloodshot eyes and messy hair, trying not to laugh.
"I'm fine," Louis proudly states. He has a piece of muffin in his hand and Harry leans over, taking it from his fingers. Sam watches as Louis looks at him and laughs, not even caring in the slightest like he normally would.
"Usually you're the most sick," Sam tries to get his attention again. It works and he tilts his head back on the couch so he's looking at her. His blue eyes meet her brown and she notices how they don't shine the same way when he looks at her. They shine in a friendly manner unlike when he looks at Harry. She knows he'll only ever love her in a sisterly way and she just needs to learn to accept that.
"Usually, but I was driving this time," he explains. 
"Shut up. Movies on," Niall hisses. Louis makes a face at Sam and pretends to zip his lips. She giggles and flicks her eyes up to the movie the same time Louis turns to Harry. 
Harry is slightly intimidated by Sam. She's beautiful and she seems to know Louis well. And it's obvious she likes him. Harry catches Louis looking at him and puckers his lips, asking for a kiss. Louis smiles and leans down, pressing a chaste kiss to his lips. Harry beams when Louis pulls away and curls back into him, ready to have another nap. 
The movie ends and Liam turns on another. Zayn is snoring quietly behind Louis and Niall is barely awake. Harry is out cold, warmly snuggled into Louis. Sam nudges Louis with her feet and when he looks back she gestures with her head to the kitchen. He furrows his brow and she gives him a look. He huffs and gently moves Harry off him so he can follow her to the kitchen. They enter and she turns to him sharply, her brows high on her forehead. 
"So he's your boyfriend?" she questions. Louis freezes because the question catches him off guard. He thinks about how he called himself Harry's boyfriend the night before. He only said it because it popped into his head, but they're not actually together. It's a little too soon for that.
"No. He's my... Guy friend?" Louis says unsure of what to call him. Sam just stares blankly at him and Louis shifts uncomfortably, cold without the blankets and Harry.
"So your fuck buddy?" she tries to clarify. Louis can feel his cheeks heat up and he curses because he never blushes. Ever.
"No. We haven't actually done anything like that... Yet," Louis mumbles out. Sams eyes widen and her mouth opens slightly.
"You haven't fucked him yet? What is wrong with you?" she asks. Louis looks down at the ground and makes a face. 
"Wait, you're not like in love with him are you?" Sam asks. Louis' head shoots up and he shakes his head vigorously.
"No! No. I've known him for a month and a half, Sam, there's no love. I like him and that's why I haven't done anything with him. I want him to stick around," Louis explains to her. She tilts her head, not believing him and Louis runs his hands over his face.
"I don't love him. I'm not some 16 year old boy that thinks love is when someone can make your dick hard. I like him and that's it for now," Louis tells her. 
Louis' not someone who carelessly throws the word love around. So he's not going to lie and say he loves someone when he doesn't. He cares and likes Harry, he likes Harry a whole lot, but love is crazy. You can't fall in love that quick.
"Okay... So how'd you meet? I'm just confused because you've never been the coupley type," Sam continues. Louis' not really into talking about his and Harry's relationship, but he considers Sam family so tells her what she wants to know.
"I met him at a party. At first it was all sexual attraction, but he was with Brad so I couldn't just fuck him. I started to talk to him and I liked him. Bring it to present and I still like him. Can we go back to the movie?" Louis whines. He feels so awkward talking about this and he just wants to settle back down next to Harry and maybe have a nap of his own.
"Yeah. Just be careful," Sam warns him. Louis pats her shoulder and then walks back into the dark room. He slides back down next to Harry - who stirs and opens his eyes - and Louis leans in and kisses his forehead, his lips lingering longer than necessary.
"Go back to sleep, baby," Louis whispers against his skin. Harry wraps his arms around Louis' curvy waist and pulls him closer.
"Kiss me first?" he asks. His face is soft from sleep and his eyes are heavily lidded. His curls are hanging around his head in a mess and his lips look extra soft. Louis leans in and places a sweet kiss to his lips, giving the boy what he wants.
Then he curls into Harry and lets Harry hold him while he has a nap. He likes the feeling of being in Harry's arms and how he feels warm and secure within them. Because even the toughest of guys need someone to make them feel safe - and for Louis that's Harry.
Louis feels sick. He wants to throw up all over his floor and his new shoes. He fiddles with his button up shirt and runs his hands through his hair constantly. How is he supposed to dress to meet someone's parents? You dress nice right?
"Louis, can you grab - oh. You look nice," Liam says. He looks at Louis' outfit again and a smile sneaks across his masculine face.
"Date?" he asks. Louis shrugs and moves towards him, pushing him out of his room.
"Something like that. What do you need?" he asks. Liam looks at him again and chuckles, backing away.
"Nothing, pretty boy. Have fun," Liam laughs. Louis rolls his eyes and then becomes nervous again. He walks back into his room, shutting the door. He paces around and squeezes his eyes shut. 
Harry walks out of the washroom - towel drying his hair - his outfit already on. He looks up to say something to Louis and spots him already dressed and looking ready. His heart does a little flip at the sight of him and he's left speechless.
"Do I look okay? Is this not good?" Louis asks. He sounds scared and he looks down and starts to pick at his shirt. Harry moves forward and grabs his hands, making Louis look up at him.
"You look great. Relax," Harry soothes him. Louis moves into Harry, letting the boy wrap his arms around him. 
"This is terrifying," Louis mumbles out. Harry lets out a faint laugh and kisses the top of Louis' head.
"I know. You'll be fine though," Harry promises him. Louis just nods, but doesn't move out of Harry's arms. They just stand in the middle of the room hugging each other, eyes closed and breaths small. When Louis eventually pulls away from Harry he has a shy smile on his face and his eyes cast to the ground.
"I'll let you finish getting ready. Oh and don't think this makes me soft, I'm still a badass," Louis throws out. Harry snorts and watches as Louis leaves the room. He goes into the washroom and brushes his teeth and fixes his hair. He shrugs when he's finished - he doesn't have to look really amazing for his family - and then he grabs the gift. 
The necklace is wrapped perfectly, a small bow on the top. There's a card that holds both Louis and Harry's names in it and Harry can't help but smile.
He leaves the room -shutting the door behind him- and hops down the steps. Louis is sat on the couch, mindlessly watching something on the television. His eyes flick over when he hears Harry on the stairs and he gets up, grabbing his keys that rest on the coffee table.
He just walks to the garage door, opening it for Harry who slinks through. They enter the car silently and Harry can tell Louis is nervous. Louis is ready to just not go. He's considering just dropping Harry off.
They drive away from the house and Harry turns on the radio, hoping to distract Louis. It sort of works because he starts to tap his fingers along to the songs.
"Have a smoke to calm your nerves," Harry suggests. Louis glances over at him, shaking his head. His fingers continue to dance along the steering wheel.
"I don't want to smell of smoke. Can I just drop you off and come home?" Louis asks. Harry raises his brows and looks at him.
"No! Why are you so nervous? They'll love you," Harry tells him. Louis snorts and shakes his head. Bless Harry for trying.
"No they won't. They'll hate me and it'll be awkward and tense," Louis tells him. Harry bites the inside of his cheek and looks out the window.
"You don't know that," he mumbles out. Louis doesn't even reply to that, just asks for directions. Harry quietly tells him the way and Louis follows exactly what he says. His mom lives in a nice neighborhood, filled with middle class families. 
"Is this the house you grew up in?" Louis asks. He's looking for the house number, slowing down so he can see them.
"Yeah. It's the next one," Harry tells him. Louis pulls forward and parks along the curb. He wonders what it'd be like to grow up in a house like this. Did Harry have a good childhood? 
Harry glances over and sees Louis frowning at his childhood home. He doesn't understand why Louis looks so sad all of a sudden, but he wants to make him smile. He walks to him and gently grabs his hand, interlocking their fingers.
"Relax, babe. No matter what, I'll like you," Harry promises him. Louis seems to snap back to reality and looks up at Harry. He feels a sudden urge to kiss him after that, so he does. It's just a short, sweet kiss, but it makes both the boys smile.
"Here we go," Louis whispers out against his lips. Harry nods and keeps his hand in Louis', the other holding the present. They walk up the short walk way. The grass is perfectly cut and green and the garden in front of the house is well kept. Louis thinks the house is cute and he can just imagine a tiny Harry playing in the yard.
They reach the door and Louis shyly raises his fist, knocking on the door. It opens and reveals a girl that looks a lot like Harry. She eyes Louis and then without warning smacks him. He raises his hands to cover his face, completely confused.
"How dare you show your face here! You think you can just use my brother and then knock on our door? Hell no," she shouts. Louis looks at her, throwing her a glare.
"The fuck are you talking about?" he asks. She tries to move forward again, but Harry moves in front of him, stopping the insane girl.
"Gemma, he's not Brad..." Harry tells her. Her eyes go wide and her mouth hangs open. She looks behind Harry and sees Louis looking at her like she's insane.
"Ah. He's not. He still looks like one of those guys. Harry, you shouldn't bring them around," Gemma tells him. Louis frowns and moves from around Harry.
"You don't even know me. Who the hell are you?" Louis asks angrily. Harry grabs his wrist to calm him and Gemma looks him up and down again.
"I'm Harry's sister and I know your type. Have you hit him?" she asks openly. Louis is dumbfounded at the question.
"No, Gemma. Can we go inside," Harry asks. His tone sounds like he's already tired of this conversation and Gemma just shrugs, turning to enter the house. Louis and Harry follow her timidly.
When they enter the house Louis notices how it smells of spices and the place looks freshly clean. There are pictures all around and he wants to look at them and see younger Harry, but Gemma is standing in his way.
"So, who are you?" she asks directly at Louis. Harry shoots her a warning glare, not wanting her to scare Louis off. He understands why she's worried though.
"I'm Louis," he says. He sticks his hand out even though she pissed him off and she gingerly takes it.
"Gemma. So you're his boyfriend?" she asks. Louis looks up at Harry and he can tell he's upset. He places an arm around his waist and turns back to Gemma.
"Yeah. Um, I understand why you're worried and everything, but I swear I've never hurt him, and I never will," Louis tells her. 
"Never say never. I'm still not sure about you," she tells him. Harry and Louis both frown. Louis really feels uncomfortable and Harry is getting angry.
"Good thing you're not the one dating him then. Can I have a hug? I haven't seen you in so long," Harry attempts to change the subject. It works and Gemma lets out a small 'I'm sorry' and moves forward to hug her brother. They hug for a long while and Louis just smiles softly as Harry laughs at something she whispers in his ear. At least she loves him.
There's footsteps on the stairs and then a woman -clearly his mother- is looking down at Harry. Tears fill her eyes and she runs down the rest of the stairs, embracing her son.
"Harry! I didn't know you were coming," she cries. Louis shuffles awkwardly as the family talks, but doesn't try to interrupt. He's really happy to see Harry with his family. It's heartwarming really.
"Oh! Mom, this is Louis," Harry pipes up. He turns to Louis, a giant smile plastered on his face. He pulls Louis forward, wrapping his arms around his small frame.
"Hi, Mrs. Twist," Louis says, remembering she got remarried. She looks at Louis and he's waiting for her to freak out like Gemma did, but she just smiles.
"Hi, Louis. How are you?" she asks. He relaxes at her friendly tone and grabs Harry's fingers on his waist, playing with them absentmindedly.
"I'm great. Happy Birthday by the way," He adds in. 
"Oh! Happy Birthday, mom!" Harry says behind him. Louis chuckles at that. Harry would forget they were there for her birthday.
"Thank you both. I'm going to go upstairs to finish getting ready," she tells them. All three of them wave as she walks up the stairs and when she disappears Louis turns to Gemma.
"Any baby pictures?" he asks. He can hear Harry groan and Gemma gets an evil smirk, telling Louis to follow her. She shows him the pictures on the wall and Louis must admit Harry was a fucking cute kid. Harry is blushing the whole time and hiding his face in Louis shoulder.
"This is him after he decided to eat dirt," Gemma laughs. Louis looks at the picture and sees a young Harry covered in dirt. It's on his face, in his hair, on his clothes.
"You were cute," Louis coos. Harry turns to Gemma and glares.
"Go away," he tells her. She just shrugs, completely satisfied and leaves the two boys alone. Louis is still looking at his pictures and Harry leans his head on his shoulder.
"I can't wait to see your baby pictures," Harry tells him. Louis swallows thickly and looks away from the photos.
"I don't have any," he whispers out. Harry lifts his head up and gives him a concerned look. How could he not have baby pictures? Louis just looks at Harry, a fake smile on his face. He just wants to change the subject.
"Your mom seems nice. Your sister scares me -which is hard to do," Louis jokes. Harry smiles a tiny smile and moves so he's sitting on Louis' lap, facing the boy.
"She can be intimidating. By the end of the night she'll love you. You're kind of hard to not like," he tells him. That makes Louis actually smile and he wraps his arms around Harry, looking at him with so much happiness.
"I don't know what I did to deserve you," Louis tells him. His voice is so soft, the words only meant for Harry to hear. He reaches up and strokes his cheek, his fingers then moving to his lips. Harry kissing his finger tips as they move across his lips and Louis looks enchanted by the boy sitting on him.
Gemma watches from the doorway, making sure the situation is okay. She feels sort of bad for hitting Louis now, he obviously likes her brother. She jumps when she feels a hand being placed onto her back and turns to see her mom. She's also watching the two boys, their lips are moving, but you can't hear what they're saying.
"I like this boy more than the last," Anne states. Gemma nods in agreement and then they both sneak away, not wanting to be caught.
"You're so pretty," Harry tells Louis. His mouth hovering over Louis', their breaths mingling together.
"You saying stuff like that makes me feel like a girl. I am the boy in this relationship," Louis tells him. Harry grins and leans down to connect their lips. Louis kisses him back briefly and then pulls away.
"I'm serious. I am the dominant one," Louis tells him. Harry snorts and leans down to put his forehead on Louis' shoulder.
"Whatever. Do you think my moms ready?" Harry asks. Louis shrugs and gently pushes Harry off him so he can stand. Harry also stands and leads him to the kitchen. The two girls are chatting in there and Harry clears his throat, catching their attention.
"Where's Robin? Aren't we going?" he asks. Gemma looks over and nods her head excitedly.
"He's at the restaurant. Can you guys just follow us in your car?"she asks. They nod and Harry grabs the present from the living room -not needing to even bring it in- and walks back out to Louis' car. They climb in and wait for Anne and Gemma to start driving so they can follow.
They're on Brads side so, Louis doesn't know the area all too well. He follows the car and listens to Harry hum along to the radio. They arrive at a fancy restaurant that clearly will cost quite a bit of money. They park and climb out, meeting Harry's sister and mom at the entrance.
They all walk in together and Harry actually squeals when people yell 'surprise' at Anne. Louis laughs at Harrys squeal and Harry pouts, his cheeks red. Louis looks at all the family and friends of Anne and the way she looks like she's about to cry. 
"I thought this was just dinner," she tells them. Gemma hugs her, a proud smirk on her face. 
"Nope! The whole place is ours for the night," Gemma explains. Anne beams and people come forward, hugging her and wishing her a happy birthday. They also come to Harry and talk to him. Apparently he hasn't come around in awhile and Louis doesn't understand why. 
He creeps away from the crowd and goes to find a corner. A DJ starts to play music and food is being placed on tables. Louis feels out of place because this isn't his family. He doesn't know any of these people and he just feels awkward.
Harry looks around for Louis and sees him sitting in the corner, his phone out. He frowns and walks over to him, catching his attention.
"Come socialize," Harry tells him. Louis looks at all the people. They all look proper and good. He doesn't fit in and it's obvious. He stands out.
"Do I have to?" Louis whines. Harry shakes his head in amusement and pulls the boy with him into the crowd. He introduces him to his step father and the other family friends. They all seem friendly and Louis feels somewhat welcome with them. He also quite likes the fact that Harry introduces him with so much pride.
The party continues on and Louis has a few drinks -not so much he gets drunk- and Harry even gets him to dance. Of course their dancing turns into them making out in the middle of the dance floor and Gemma shouts at them, telling them to get a room. 
Next is the cake and by this time Louis is comfortable with these people. He feels like a normal person, out with his boyfriend and his family. He eats cake and laughs with the other guests. Gemma smears cake in his face and giggles like an idiot when Louis pounces at her.
Harry watches in amusement. He can't believe this Louis is the same Louis that fought that guy two nights ago. That this guy is the same guy that's killed people and sells drugs. He seems so innocent and sweet right now and Harry wonders if this is the real him. If this is who he really is on the inside.
Next Anne opens her presents. She gets fairly basic gifts and she tackles Harry into a hug when she opens his necklace. Harry helps her put it on and then continues to talk to her. Gemma takes this time to steal Louis.
"Hey. I'm sorry I was hard on you earlier. Harry's had it rough with relationships and I just worry about him," Gemma explains. Louis looks back at Harrys dimpled smile and then turns to Gemma.
"It's fine. I really like him," Louis tells her. 
"I know. Just, be gentle with him. He's my baby brother and I don't want him to get hurt again."
Louis listens to her words and holds them in his brain. His heart feels heavy at the words and he looks at Harry. His smile makes Louis' heart flutter and his stomach do flips.
"I don't want him to hurt again either," he tells her. Harry looks up and sees Louis staring at him. He waves and then dismisses himself, coming over to join his sister and Louis.
They talk normally for awhile, but Louis places his arm around Harry, his thumb soothingly rubbing his waist. People start to leave after awhile and the boys stay to help clean and then they too leave. Anne kisses Louis' cheek and Gemma gives him a hug. He promises them he'll bring Harry over soon and then they're driving back.
They arrive back home and the house is silent. Neither boy pays any mind, knowing the boys are either sleeping or out. They climb the stairs to Louis' room and then flop down on the bed. Louis turns to Harry, their faces centimeters apart.
"How did you end up with Brad?" Louis asks him randomly. Harry bites his lip and looks away from Louis, up to the ceiling. He decides Louis has a right to know.
"When I was 16 I came out as gay. I didn't get bullied or anything, but no one was really out. I met Brad at a party. I knew he was this bad boy and when he asked for my number I was ecstatic. I thought it'd be a cliche 'Bad boy that's only nice to his boyfriend' type thing," Harry starts. Louis just continues to look at him, listening closely.
"It was like that at first. He was really sweet. My mom disapproved and told me 'as long as you live under my roof, you will not see him.' so I left. Brad took me in and I thought 'wow, he's so sweet. I think I'm in love'," Harry chuckles bitterly. Tears are starting to build in his eyes as he looks at the ceiling.
"It was fine at first. And then came the time to 'pay rent'. I didn't have a job, so Brad just fucked me. He took my virginity for rent and told me that if the others wanted to fuck me they had the right," Harry is crying now. Louis moves over and wraps his arms around Harry. He places a kiss on his shoulder, trying to comfort him.
"Um, after that the physical abuse started. If I said 'no' to him he'd beat me. Then it was just because. He stopped having reasons. The other guys got to do it too. He never let me get a job, so I was always fucking them for rent and he refused to let me see my family. Told me he'd kill them." 
Louis can feel anger rising quickly and he really wants to hit something. Harry has tears streaming down his face and Louis sits up and pulls Harry into his lap. Harry curls into a ball and rests his head on Louis' chest, listening to his heart beat.
"He used me for a lot of things and he used to tell me he hated me. Once I graduated high school -he let me do that- it got even worse. I was there all day everyday. The only time I was allowed out when was when I was supposed to 'spy on you' but I just did normal people things. I didn't ever spy," Harry admits. Louis is holding him close, his lips pressed to his head. His poor baby.
"Then I met you. And you scared me at first. I mean you were really attractive, but I knew you were dangerous. Brad used to talk about how you just killed everyone and had no emotions," -Harry tells him- "But you were so nice to me, even on the first night. You're still so nice to me. I just couldn't help but like you."
Harry moves so he's looking up at Louis. His eyes are puffy and his cheeks wet. Louis wipes off his cheeks and kisses the tip of his nose. Harry giggles in the cutest way and cuddles more into Louis' chest.
"I really like you," Harry tells him. 
"I really like you too, baby. I won't ever let that happen again, okay?" Louis says. Harry nods and just rests his head back on Louis.
"Let's go to bed. We can cuddle," Louis tells him. Harry grins and hops off the bed. He grabs his night clothes and gets changed in the washroom. He's still too scared to change in front of Louis or to just sleep in his boxers. Louis strips off his clothes and then turns off the light, getting in bed.
Harry climbs in soon after and Louis turns so he can spoon the younger boy. It's funny because Louis is shorter, but both boys are comfortable with the position. Louis kisses the back of Harry's neck, making him shiver.
"Never again will anyone touch you. You're mine and I'll take care of you," Louis tells him. Harry is too tired to reply and just grabs Louis' hand, locking their fingers.
Louis lies there silently as Harry drifts off. His anger grows the more he thinks about what Brad did. How could someone hurt another human being like that? How could someone do that to someone that loves them?
Louis just holds Harry closer to his chest and listens to his peaceful breaths. He closes his eyes and promises to keep Harry safe. He also promises to make sure Brad dies slowly and painfully. 
Louis wants him to suffer.
Louis is a protective person. He protects anything he cares about. Of course this includes Harry and ever since Harry told him his story he's been extra protective. He can't help it and Harry doesn't seem to mind. 
They're cuddling in bed -two days after Anne's birthday- and Harry giggles into Louis' neck. He's so fucking cute and Louis just doesn't understand how he's real.
Now, Louis has noticed he's been softer lately. He's not as snappy or mean around the house and he doesn't go for drop offs as much. It's weird, but he just wants to be with Harry. He wants to watch shit movies and eat junky food. He knows it has to end though. He does have a job and other important things to do. His life can't be just Harry.
"I'm going to go with Zayn today, okay?" he murmurs to Harry. Harry looks up at him, pout prominent on his face.
"Why? I'll be all alone," he complains. Louis pats his bum, but slides out from under him. His feet hit the floor and he stretches, his shirt riding up.
"I'm sorry about that, but I have stuff to do. Do you want anything while I'm gone?" Louis asks him. He's already dressed and showered for the day. He told Zayn last night he wanted to go with him and Zayn was pretty thrilled.
"I want you to stay," Harry whines. He sits up and juts his lip out, begging with his eyes. Louis wants to give in and stay, but he has to stand his ground. Plus, if they spend all their time together they'll get sick of each other and fight excessively.
"Can't. I'll be back later though," Louis flashes him a smile. He grabs his phone off the side table and places a goodbye kiss on Harry's pouty lips. 
"Get me a pet!" Harry shouts as Louis opens the door. Louis turns back to him with raised brows. Harry is giving him an innocent smile, hoping Louis will say yes.
"Maybe." is all Louis says as he leaves the room. He rushes down the stairs and into the kitchen. Zayn is leaning on the counter, texting someone rapidly. Louis sneaks up on him and jumps on his back, making Zayn yelp in surprise. Louis laughs as Zayn shrugs him off.
"Fuck you, you scared me," Zayn tells him. He tries to seem angry, but Louis can see through it. He just grins at him and pats his back.
"Oh well. Shall we go, my friend," Louis asks. Zayn rolls his eyes and stuffs his phone in his pocket. They exit the kitchen together and then leave through the front door. They're taking Zayns car today so Louis climbs in the passenger seat and settles himself in.
Zayn starts the car and starts to drive down the road. They just have to drop off one order and then they're done for the day. Louis bites his lips as they drive and he drums his fingers against his knee.
"What do you think about getting some sort of pet?" Louis asks randomly. Zayn gives him a strange look, but thinks about it.
"What kind of pet? I don't want a fucking cat or chihuahua," Zayn tells him. Louis laughs and shakes his head. He couldn't imagine Zayn with a chihuahua. The thought makes him laugh.
"No, no. Like a big dog or a snake or lizard," Louis tells him. Zayn shrugs and reaches over to the glove box, grabbing his smokes.
"Doesn't bother me. Want one?" he asks. Louis grabs a cigarette and places it in his mouth. He grabs the lighter and lights Zayns and his own. They puff away and let the smoke blow out their open windows.
"Okay, so we'll stop at the pet store after this. I think I want a dog," Louis tells him.
"Why don't we adopt? That way it's trained," Zayn tells him. Louis frowns and shakes his head.
"But it'll be old," he argues. Zayn shrugs and flicks the last of his cigarette out the window.
"Not all of them are old. I say we adopt," Zayn tells him. Louis just groans, but gives in. They drive further into town and meet at a local park. They wait for the guy to come and collect his order. It takes about ten minutes, but he eventually shows up. They chat for a bit and Louis slips him the bag discreetly. The guy stays and chats longer to make it less suspicious and then he's off.
Louis just sits back and texts Harry as Zayn drives to the animal shelter. Theres all types of animals there and Louis really hopes they can find something easily. He doesn't tell Harry what he's doing -wanting it to be a surprise.
They arrive after 20 minutes and both jump out. He's aware the shelter will have to check in on the dog in a couple months and that part makes him nervous. He enters the place and a middle aged woman looks up from the desk.
"Oh, hello. How are you?" she asks. She has a friendly smile and a kind face. Zayn looks at Louis, waiting for him to speak.
"I'm great, you?" he asks politely. Zayn just looks around the small front desk area and then at the doors. Louis thinks he can see excitement in Zayns eyes as he looks around. Maybe he should tell him the pet is for Harry...
"I'm good. What are you looking for?" She asks. Zayn turns back into their conversation and gives her a shy smile.
"I'm looking for a dog. Big dog," Louis tells her. She nods and walks towards one of the doors. She gestures for the boys to follow her and she leads them to the kennels. There's dogs that fill every cage. They all appear healthy and well kept, but none appeal to Louis. 
They keep walking down and they listen to the woman as she tells him about each dog. Louis feels bad, but he just doesn't see potential for a dog here. He's about to give up when they come to a cage filled with puppies. He can hear Zayn go 'aw' beside him and maybe Louis melts a little bit.
"These are the boxer puppies. Someone dropped off their pregnant dog and she popped all these out," the woman explains. Louis looks at all of them and decides he really wants one. He needs one.
"Can we see them?" he asks. She turns to him and nods, opening the cage. The three of them pile in and sink to their knees, trying to play with the puppies. They sneak over and sniff at the boys, Zayn is acting like a girl and Louis can't help but snicker at him.
"Louis, look at this guy," Zayn coos. He's holding a small brown puppy. He has a white stomach and the spot extends in the middle of his face and covers his paws. The area around his eyes is black and his little tongue laps at Zayns fingers.
"Can we keep him?" Zayn asks. Louis snorts at Zayns ridiculousness, but nods his head, a smile on his face as he pets the puppy.
"You guys are so cute," the girl smiles. Louis pulls his hand away and gives her a disgusted look as Zayn laughs.
"No we are not. This puppy is for my boyfriend, who is not him," Louis tells her. Zayn pouts and holds the puppy to his chest.
"The puppy is for everyone, not just Harry," Zayn argues. The girl is blushing and she stands to her feet.
"Sorry about that. Um, so you're getting him?" she asks. Louis nods and also stands, but just as he does so another puppy comes and starts licking his shoe. It's all white except for a brown spot around his eyes. It's so adorable and Louis can't help but reach down and pick it up. 
He gazes at it as he strokes it's short fur and the way it fits into his hands is absolutely perfect. He turns to the girl, a soft expression on his face.
"Can we have them both?" he asks. She smiles wide and tells them they can. They walk back out and have to fill out a lot of paper work. She tells them someone will visit them in a month to check on the puppies and thats that. They drive to the pet store and pick up supplies, and then they're driving home, the puppies in Louis' lap.
"What are you going to call yours?" Louis asks Zayn. Zayn bites his lip and stares ahead intensely.
"Diesel. Yours?" Zayn asks. Louis just pets the puppies and doesn't look up.
"I'm going to let Harry decide," Louis concludes. Zayn doesn't say anything and parks outside their house. He takes his puppy and a bag and Louis does the same. They walk up to the door and Louis struggles, but manages to unlock it. He can hear laughter coming from the back deck so that's where him and Zayn walk.
"Guess what?" Zayn shouts once they're out there. The three boys turn and to everyone's surprise Sams there too. Their eyes all go to the puppy in Zayns arms and everyone is cooing and jumping up to pet him. Louis just walks out, covering his puppy and bringing him to Harry.
"Hi, love," Louis greets him. He opens his arms more to show the white puppy and Harry's eyes go soft and wide. He reaches out and gingerly pets his tiny head.
"This one is yours. You can name him anything you want," Louis tells him. The others have now noticed Louis also has a puppy and they all crowd around to see it. Louis really doesn't care what they think, he just hope Harry likes him.
"Can I hold him?" Harry asks gently. Louis nods and passes him over to Harry's waiting arms. Harry cradles the small puppy and giggles as it sniffs at his fingers.
"I think I'll call him Oscar," Harry murmurs. Louis laughs slightly at the name, but leans over and pats the dog.
"Hey, Oscar. I'm going to go set up your food," Louis tells him. He grins up at Harry and then turns to enter the kitchen. He grabs Zayns bag from him and also sets up Diesels dish. He starts to get the food and water. He places their collars on the kitchen table and passes the boys some toys they picked up. They're all on the lawn, playing with the puppies and Louis forgets for a moment that they're not all just best mates living together. 
He wonders if maybe they could be one day. He watches as Harry plays tug-of-war with Diesel and as Niall tries to play fetch with Oscar. It's a nice sight and Louis kind of wishes it was always like this.
He sighs and goes into the living room. They bought a large bed, that sits in Zayns back seat so Louis has to grab it. As he leaves the house the door opens again and Sam rushes to him. She smiles and keeps pace with him as he walks to the car.
"That was sweet of you," she tells him. He gives her a sad smile and nods, opening the back door.
"What's wrong?" she frowns. Louis sighs and pulls his head back out, facing her.
"Everything. You know I used to love this? All of this. The money, the people, the drugs and now, I'm not so sure. I wish we were all just regular friends that could hang out and just be normal. I can't even let Harry out of my sight in worry someone will hurt him," Louis tells her. She just looks at him and she feels bad. 
"We are normal friends. It's okay to get tired of this, Louis, but you and I both know you can't stop. You're stuck here forever," she says sadly. Louis looks down at the ground and feels something twist in his gut.
"Harry doesn't have to live like this though. He could leave, move on," he whispers. Sam wants to agree -every fiber in her being is telling her to- but she doesn't. She just moves so she can lean next to Louis on the car.
"No he can't. He's stuck, just like you and you two are lucky to have each other. He's a great guy, Louis, and you and I both know he needs you," she tells him. Her heart sinks at the words and Louis turns to her, his eyes vulnerable.
"Does he though? Because I'm not so sure anyone needs me," he pathetically tells her. Sam closes her eyes and wishes Louis didn't get like this. She's dealt with him so much like this and it breaks her heart every time.
"We all need you, him especially. Please don't fuck this up, Louis. He makes you so happy and that's so hard to do."
Louis nods and leans down so he can rest his head on Sams shoulder. She just leans her own head on his and they stay like that.
"You're the only person I ever talk to about stuff like this. The only person that knows my past," Louis tells her. She just nods her head against his.
"You're my best friend, you know that?" he asks. She closes her eyes to will away the tears of rejection she feels and smiles sadly.
"I know. You're mine too. I'm really happy you found someone, Louis. I'm really happy you found happiness," she tells him. He smiles and pulls away so he can pull her into a hug. She clings to him tightly. They pull away and Louis is back to being his regular self, his glimpse of insecurity hidden away.
"Want to help me bring in this dog bed?" he asks. She grins up at him -hiding her own feelings- and nods her head.
They carry it in and then both go back into the yard. When Harry spots Louis he runs over to him and takes his hand, wanting him to play with the puppies.
Sam watches and her feelings are so mixed. She's really happy for the couple, but a part of her longs for Louis' affection -for anyone's affection.
Maybe she only loves Louis so much because he's the only guy in her life that hasn't used her, hasn't hurt her.
And as she watches him kiss Harry lovingly she decides that her happiness for him out weighs everything.
After all, if you love something let it go.
"Graham and Max are coming over," Zayn shouts through the house. The boys all know this means they're going to get high and probably do something stupid. Louis gets excited and runs down the stairs -right to Zayn- throwing his arms around the boy.
"The feelings I have for marijuana are incredible," Louis chimes. Zayn snorts and wraps his arms around Louis' shoulder.
"Mary Jane is my one and only love," Zayn agrees. Louis now snorts, but doesn't shake Zayn away from him.
"Are you guys 12? It's not that exciting," Niall says as he climbs down the stairs. The two boys turn to him and Zayn smiles wide -leaving Louis for Niall.
"You can't fool us, Ni. Your eyes light up like a Christmas tree when you see it all spread out," Zayn chuckles. Niall rolls his eyes and shrugs Zayn off. 
"I'll feed the dogs like a mature adult," Niall tells them. Louis just shrugs and moves so he can make a show of falling onto the couch. Zayn climbs over Liam's chair and loudly flops into the sitting position.
"Wheres your curly boyfriend? It's weird seeing you without him," Zayn comments. Louis isn't even offended by this -he does spend all his time home with Harry- and gestures towards the stairs.
"Getting dressed. He'll be down in a minute," Louis informs him. Niall comes out from the kitchen, Diesel on his heels. He sits on the couch and the small puppy jumps up so he can sit in his lap.
"He's my dog and yet he likes Niall more," Zayn grumbles. He watches the two with bitter eyes and sulks in his seat. Louis snorts and looks around for Oscar. He can't see the dog anywhere and he wonders if he's still in the kitchen eating. He stands up and walks there but the dog is nowhere in sight. Louis gives the room a confused look and then walks back out into the living room.
"Where's Oscar?" Louis asks. Niall looks up from Diesel and shrugs his shoulders, his head leaning on the back on the couch.
"Don't know. Is he with Liam or Harry?" 
Louis just shrugs and sits back down. He reaches over and pets the brown dog. It instantly starts to lick at his fingers.
"Gross. I hate dog tongue," Louis complains. 
"You like my tongue though, right?" Harry smirks as he walks down the stairs. Louis turns and sees Oscar trailing behind him happily. He laughs at the lanky boy and pats his lap.
"Of course. Especially when you're-"
"That's enough. People in the room," Zayn interrupts. Harry chuckles and sits down on Louis' lap, wiggling around to get comfortable. 
"Sorry. Forgot about you two," Louis gives them a fake smile. Niall just shakes his head and Zayn calls over Oscar, who happily trots over to him.
"How are you?" Louis whispers in Harrys ear. Harry smiles at him and moves his face closer, their foreheads resting together.
"I'm lovely. I'm in a really good mood today," Harry smiles. Louis smiles back and leans up so he can place a small kiss on Harrys nose. Harry giggles and then blushes, hiding his face in Louis shoulder.
"Harry giggles more than a school girl," Niall mutters next to them. Louis glares at him as he feels Harry bury his face further into his shoulder.
"It's cute," Louis argues. Niall smirks at him and gives him an amused look.
"He could throw up on you and you'd still think he's the cutest thing," Niall shoots back. Louis scowls at him and places his hand on Harrys waist, rubbing the soft skin there.
"You're just lonely and bitter," Louis replies back. 
"Better than being disturbingly disgusting," Niall tells him. Louis tries to hide his smile at that and opens his mouth to say something back.
"You're both just upset because neither of you is as hot as me," Liam calls as he walks down the stairs. All eyes turn to him and all four boys roll their eyes.
"Shut up, Liam," Niall groans. Louis agrees with him and Zayn just sighs, looking down at his phone. He starts to type quickly and Liam shoves him out of his chair, making Zayn land on the floor with a thud.
"I hate you. I really hate you," Zayn tells him. He stands and rubs at his sore hip and ass. Liam gives him a sweet smile.
"Love you too, babycakes," Liam throws at him. Zayn gives him the finger and resumes texting. His fingers moving quickly over the screen.
"They're here. I'll let them in," he informs all the boys. He walks over his eyes not even leaving the screen. He unlocks the door and Max and Graham pile in.
"Guys! How are you, fuckers?" Max asks. His loud voice carries through the room and Louis can tell he's already high and it's only noon.
"Not too bad, bro. How are you?" Liam asks. Max walks over to him and flashes him an easy grin. His blonde hair is in a buzz cut and his green eyes sparkle with mischief.
"I'm fantastic. Who's the new guy?" Max asks gesturing to Harry. Harry leans into Louis, feeling nervous around the new people.
"'M Harry," he introduces himself. Max examines how he's sitting on Louis' lap and how Louis has a protective arm around his waist.
"Got yourself a boyfriend, Louis? I always saw you with Samantha," he admits. Harry tenses at that, but Louis gives him a reassuring squeeze.
"Me and her are better as friends honestly. Me and him on the other hand..." Louis grins. Harry can feel his own smile and he turns around so he's facing Louis again. They both forget there's a room full of guys watching them as Harry leans down to give Louis a quick kiss.
"You guys are so cute, I think I'm going to be sick," Graham speaks for the first time. Louis peaks around Harry's body and sees Graham sitting in front of him at the table. He opens his large bag and pulls out a couple pipes, a bong, joints and baggies and baggies of weed.
"I love that I grow this shit," Graham mutters to himself as he scans his collection. Louis shifts Harry so he can lean over the table and his blue eyes move up so they meet Grahams hazel ones.
"I love that you grow this shit too," he tells him. Graham snorts and picks up a pipe, passing it to Louis. Louis happily accepts it and grabs a baggie. He fills the bowl with the green drug and then places it to his lips. Graham lights it for him and he inhales the strange smelling smoke. It tastes weird on his tongue, but the taste is always comforting, always familiar.
The other boys all jump in, Zayn choosing a joint and the other three grabbing the bong. Harry just sits next to Louis on the couch as he puffs away in the pipe.
"You want some, baby?" Louis murmurs. Harry looks at everyone smoking away contently, but shakes his head.
"I don't like smoking," Harry admits. He whispers it out so none of the other boys can hear him. Louis just nods, not wanting to make Harry feel bad and not wanting to pressure him.
Louis refills his empty bowl and then lights it. The hit is strong and it burns is lungs in a good way. He coughs a little -something he rarely does now- and looks at Harry through the hazy growing room.
He takes another large hit and then leans closer to his boy. Harry smirks and leans forward, connecting their lips. The smoke swirls between their mouths and Louis thinks this is the best way to get high. He pulls away, blowing the remains smoke from his mouth and then connects his lips with Harrys again. Harry kisses him forcefully, but it doesn't last long because the burning weed lands on Harry's lap. 
"Fuck!" Harry shouts when he feels it. Louis pulls away and laughs, quickly flicking away the ash. Harry gazes down at his lap and then back to Louis.
"Maybe you should finish smoking first," Harry tells him. Louis shrugs and reaches over to put the pipe away and grab a well rolled joint.
"You sure you don't want to split it with me?" he asks Harry. Harry bites his lip and then scoots closer to Louis.
"Only this one," he tells him. Louis smiles triumphantly and places the joint in his mouth. He lights the end and inhales right away. The smoke is quick to enter his lungs and he holds it there, enjoying the way it feels inside him. He exhales in Harry's face and laughs as the boy lightly coughs. He takes another puff and then passes it to him.
Harry looks at the item in wonderment and then slowly places it between his lips. Louis is highly turned on by Harry smoking and the boy takes the hit with no problem. He blows the smoke in Louis' face for pay back, which he just laughs at.
"You take that like a pro," Louis states. Harry already has the joint back in his mouth, but he exhales quickly to answer.
"I've smoked before. I went through a rebellious phase," Harry laughs. Louis rolls his eyes and takes the weed from Harry. They continue to pass it back and forth until there's nothing left.
Next they move into the circle on the floor and pass around the large bong. Louis is so fucking high by this point and so is everyone in the room. They all have dopey grins and glassy eyes. 
"Harry, you want a puff of this?" Zayn asks. Harry looks over to him and sees him holding out a lit joint. Without thinking he wraps his lips around the end and lets Zayn hold it for him. He takes a large puff and then turns to Louis. He blows the smoke along his collar bone, making the shorter boy shiver.
"Come upstairs with me," Harry murmurs into Louis' ear. Louis is on his feet in seconds, grabbing the last joint and Harry's hand. They giggle the whole way up the stairs until they arrive in Louis' room.
Once the door is shut, Harrys lips are immediately attached to Louis'. Louis kisses him back eagerly, walking back towards his bed. He gently pushes Harry on it and Harry looks up at him with red, glassy eyes.
"Take your shirt off, lovely," Louis coos at him. Harry complies without difficulty and that's when Louis can see the little scars that litter his skin. He moves down so he's straddling Harrys waist and his fingers trace over the small scars and burns marks that cover him. Theres not too many, but honestly there should be none.
Louis leans down and kisses just below one of Harrys bird tattoos. His lips linger on his skin and he gently kisses down Harrys flat stomach, until he reaches the top of his jeans. He starts to undo the button, but Harrys hands reach down to stop him.
"No. No, not like this. I'm so high and I don't want to do it like this with you. Please don't. Please," Harry is begging and when Louis meets his eyes he can see the fear. He instantly moves back up so his face is close to Harrys.
"Okay. Don't be scared. If you don't want to that's fine. No means no," Louis tells him gently. He cups Harrys cheek and kisses him softly, letting him know it's okay. That he won't hurt him. Harry melts right into it and his fear is completely gone.
"Can we smoke that joint?" Louis mumbles against Harrys lips. Harry laughs and pulls away, his green eyes fondly staring up at Louis.
"You can. I think I'm done," Harry tells him. Louis nods and sits up. He lights the smoke and then blows it across Harrys bare chest. Harry giggles and squirms as the smoke moves across his skin.
"That tickles."
Louis smiles as the words slip out of Harrys mouth and he takes another large hit, blowing the smoke out against Harrys smooth neck. Louis smokes the whole joint to himself, casually blowing the smoke along Harrys beautiful body, making the boy giggle. Louis leaves tiny kisses in his wake and maybe even gives Harry a hickey on his collar bone. Marking his territory.
The door bangs open, making both boys jump as the stare at a wide eyed Niall. 
"Holy fuck! We got the dogs high and it's the funniest fucking thing," Niall shouts. Louis stares at him is disbelief because: 1. He just barged in his room, not knowing what the two boys could have been doing and 2. What the fuck?
Harry moves off the bed and reaches down for his shirt. He moves extra slow from being so high and Louis stumbles as he stands to his feet. The three boys stumble down the stairs to see Oscar and Diesel, both not walking properly. Louis is instantly grabbing them and bringing them to the kitchen, away from the smoke.
"That isn't good for them," Louis yells. He's met with shouts of unintelligible words that he chooses to ignore. He forgot about the dogs once he saw the weed. He opens the back door and puts them on their leashes -he still needs to pay to fence their yard.
"The fresh air should help you guys. You hungry? I'm fucking starving," Louis talks to them. He grabs their food bowls and water dishes, placing them right outside the door. He leaves the door open a crack so they can walk in if they want and then he goes back to the living room.
"You're such a fucking father now," Liam complains. Max looks up, an amused smirk on his face.
"Is he your daddy, Harry?" Max asks. Louis gives him an evil glare as Harry chokes on his own spit.
"Don't bring your weird kinks into my house," Louis tells him. Max shrugs and leans back on the couch. Louis notices all the bongs and pipes are away and the table appears to have been wiped down.
"Louis is a party pooper," Niall sings. Louis laughs at that and walks over to him, wrapping his arms around him over the couch.
"If I buy pizza will I be fun again?" he asks. Nialls eyes light up and he nods his head. 
"Fuck yeah. I'm starved," Niall complains. The other boys all agree and Louis reaches into his pocket, pulling out his phone. He calls and orders an extra large pizza and a side of nachos. 
When it arrives all the boys dig in and watch a film. Harry cuddles with Louis on the floor and they all laugh at every stupid joke said. At the end Max and Graham leave, wishing the boys a goodnight.
Louis is starting to crash and he cuddles into Harry, enjoying the way the boy feels and smells so comforting. The room is quiet except for the buzz of the television and Louis thinks it's been a successful, fun day. He brought the dogs in after they got pizza and they're curled up on their bed, looking adorable. All the boys are lazily lying around the room, just enjoying each others company and Harry is tucked safely under Louis' arm.
There's a knock at the door that makes Louis snap his eyes open. It's almost 10 at night, who would knock? He stands to his feet, all the boys now sitting up and watching him. He can hear a car drive away, its tires squeaking against the pavement. That makes his feet move faster and he rips open the door. 
There's a small package sitting on his door step. He looks outside, but all he can see are the fading tail lights of the car. He slowly leans down and picks up the box. There's a note on the outside and he gently grabs it, opening it to read.
'Paybacks a bitch
-Brad'
Louis can feel his heart beat quicken and his mouth go dry. He gently and slowly lifts the lid off the tiny box. Inside lies a tiny silver bracelet. The one he gave to Sam on her birthday this year.
The one she never took off.
The box feels like it weighs a ton in Louis' hand. It falls to the floor with a small thump and it's the only sound that fills the room. 
"Paybacks a bitch" keeps running through his head. Payback for what exactly? Stealing Harry? That didn't make sense to Louis, he couldn't wrap his head around that one. Brad wouldn't take Sam for that.
Payback... For killing Jake? Louis can feel his stomach erupt in discomfort and he thinks he might be sick all over his bare feet. Would Brad avenge one of his guys for one of Louis'? Yes. 
But Sam wasn't one of his guys. She was a worker, but she was innocent and clueless to everything. Louis knows though, he knows he killed her. He can feel it in every part of his body and his heart is screaming in pain.
Brad killed Sam. He killed his best friend. He knew it would leave a mark. He knew it would send a message.
Louis reaches over and grabs a lamp sitting on the table next to him. He throws it at the wall, the cord ripping out of the wall and the whole thing shattering.
"Fuck!" Louis screams. He turns and punches the still open door. He doesn't feel the pain in his numb hands so he turns and punches the wall, leaving a hole in his wake.
Liam moves quickly off the chair and reads the note and sees the bracelet. The other boys all follow quietly and look at it too. Louis just punches the wall again, leaving another hole.
"Fuck! I'm going to fucking kill him!" Louis shouts. Harry jumps away at the rage that's in Louis' voice. He's never seen him this angry before. Louis pays no mind to them and grabs the bowl by the front door, throwing that too.
He flips the table and kicks at the door. He's completely consumed by rage and he needs to get it out. He can't stop. 
The boys all let him go. Niall watches him with sadness, knowing how close he was to the prostitute. Zayn wants to cry at the sight of his best friend breaking down and Liam, well Liam is also pissed. 
"I. Fuck!" Louis shouts and this time when he punches a hole in the wall he can feel the pain. He curses and cradles his hand close to himself, cursing even more.
"Lou." Harry whispers. His voice carries over Louis' harsh words and captures all his attention. He sees Harry watching him with wide scared eyes. He moves forward to comfort the boy, but Harry takes a step back, not sure if Louis is okay. Louis wants to cry at that.
"Harry, I-" Louis can feel tears try to take over, but he fights them away. He doesn't cry. Harry can see the hurt in Louis' face and he feels so guilty. He moves forward as quickly as he can and wraps Louis up. Louis clings to him, the blood on his knuckles getting on Harrys white shirt.
"You're okay, Louis. It's okay," Harry tells him. The boys all watch the two and Zayn feels relief that Harry can comfort him, that Louis has someone.
"How did he know to target Sam though? He obviously had to know she'd affect you the most," Liam says. His words are spoken slowly and with purpose. Louis pulls away from Harry and gives Liam a questioning look.
"What are you trying to say?" Louis asks just as slowly. Liam looks over at Harry and everyone can see the rage in his eyes.
"Someone would have to tell him she meant a lot to you. Someone that knew you two were close," Liam points out. The whole room is rigid and cold. No one knowing what to say.
"You know it was him, Louis. I could fucking kill-" Liam's voice gets louder as he moves forward, but Louis moves in front of him, grabbing Liam's shirt.
"Fucking touch him, Liam and I'll fucking kill you," Louis snarls. Liam shoves him away and fixes his shirt. His eyes are cold and they look back from Louis to Harry, Harry to Louis.
"What happened to you? What happened to the guy that had nothing to lose, but everything to gain?" Liam shouts out. Louis doesn't even flinch at his tone.
"I gained something. Is that bad, Liam? Am I not allowed to have something to lose?" Louis asks him. Zayn and Niall watch their two friends awkwardly, not knowing which side to take.
"What if he betrays you, Louis? What then?" Liam asks him. Louis swallows and turns to see Harrys scared figure cowering away from Liam's harsh words. He takes him all in and then turns back to Liam.
"If he betrays me you all get a shot, but I get the final one. Straight through his heart."
With that said Louis leaves the room and walks out into his backyard. The fresh air doesn't help his broken heart and the tears he refuses to cry are begging to be let free. He walks far away from the large house, until the shine of the lights is just a dull glow in the dark.
He sits down in the cool grass, his mind thinking about Sam. He saved her, helped her and she helped him. He loved her like she was his family, she is his family. Forever. His heart clenches and he's so close to crying.
"Louis..." he hears his voice say. It's cautious and worried. Louis turns and sees Harry standing a few feet away, looking unsure and insecure in the far away lights of the house.
"Hi, Harry," Louis says. Harry takes that as a sign to move forward and he reaches Louis in seconds, sitting down so he can hug him tightly.
"It wasn't me, Louis. I promise I would never do this to you," Harry tells him. Louis hugs him tighter.
"I know, baby."
They pull away and Harry sits next to him, their knees brushing together. Louis just looks straight ahead, not knowing what to say.
"Is your hand okay? You were bleeding earlier," Harry says. Louis lifts his right hand and can see the blood is starting to dry, his knuckles cut up yet again.
"My hands okay."
"Are you okay?"
Louis swallows the lump in his throat and furrows his brow. He can feel Harry watching him, worrying about him and it's killing him.
"Honestly? No. I'm not okay," Louis tells him. Harry can see Louis trying to fight off his tears again and he intertwines their hands, not even caring about the blood.
"She was like a sister to me, H. I told her everything and took care of her. I promised her I would take care of her..." Louis chokes out. He blinks rapidly and still refuses to cry. Harry gives his hand a reassuring squeeze, letting him know he's listening and that he's there.
"She knew everything. I told her everything and she told me everything. Her dad used to touch her. He used to do awful things to her," Louis explains.
"I met her at a diner. She was crying and I went to talk to her. She just cried and I got her to tell me everything after hours and hours of convincing. Her father was the third person I'd ever killed," Louis frowns. Harry moves his eyes off the ground and sees Louis looking in the distance lost in thought.
"I told her I'd pay for her house if she just did one job for me. She agreed and that's how she became a prostitute."
Harry bites his lips, his head wanting to know more. Louis never talks about himself or his past. 
"I guess I tricked her into it, but I made sure she was safe. She was always safe. I make sure they're all safe. I'm responsible for all my people. Graham, Max, Liam, Niall, Zayn... You."
Harry can see Louis going deeper into his head. Louis' eyes are glassy and the normal light blue is dark and icy.
"I tricked everyone into joining. Niall needed money because his brother stole everything from his mom. Zayn needed a place to fit in and well, Liam. Liam asked to join. Wanted to be part of this."
Harry felt bad listening to Louis talk about the boys' troubles. He wanted to know about Louis, only Louis. He was afraid to speak though. He didn't want Louis to stop talking.
"Do you want to know why I joined?" Louis asks. His eyes are now trained on Harry and Harry nods.
"When I was 11 my parents died. My dad had a heart attack and 10 months later my mom took her own life," Louis starts.
"Me and my four sisters got put in foster car. My twin sisters, Daisy and Phoebe, went first. They were only 1 so more people were willing to take them. Fizzy went next after about 3 months and then Lottie after about 5. They were gone and separated and I was alone."
Harry watches as Louis starts to pick grass, his mind in the past.
"No one wanted me. I was an older kid and I was male. I stayed in foster care until I was 16 and then I left. I met this group of boys at school and they told me I could stay with them. All I had to do was sell some drugs," Louis chuckles humorlessly. Harry desperately wants to talk, but he doesn't want to stop Louis.
"They told me they were my brothers and that's all I wanted. I just wanted a family so I did as told. I lived with them until I was 18 and then I heard about them wanting to 'get rid of me'. That wasn't going to happen. They were kills 1 and 2," Louis bitterly says.
"I felt no remorse at their deaths. I was bitter and they were going to kill me for money. Since I killed them, I became leader of the group. Of course they were small at the time -only Max and Graham working for them besides me- so I recruited." 
Louis' eyes are now looking up at Harry and to Harrys surprise he has no tears. Not one.
"Sometimes I still feel like that little boy in a foster home. I feel like I'm just waiting for someone to want me. I'm waiting for someone to love me. I haven't cried since my last sister was taken from me and I was told to 'shut the fuck up and move on'. I had to move on from my family. Move on from loving them, from loving anyone."
Louis bites his lip, really trying to fight the tears. He will not cry.
"I loved Sam though and I never told her that. I never once told her I loved her and that she meant so much to me. That she had become a part of the family I always wanted. That she was a sister to me and I think that's one of the things I'll regret for my whole life," Louis whispers out. Harry can see him struggling. He can see him about to break, but he's trying to stay strong.
"It's okay to cry, Louis," Harry whispers. The words shatter something inside of Louis and the tears he refused to cry for the past 11 years rush out of him. They fall in big fat blobs down his cheeks and make his eyes burn. Harry pulls him into his lap, and rubs his back, letting the boy cry into his shirt.
"Anytime I love someone they get taken away," -Louis sobs out - "I just want someone to stay."
Harry kisses the side of his head and tries to fight away his own tears. His strong Louis is breaking down in his arms and nothing has broken Harrys heart more. He can feel the dampness of his shirt as Louis lets out all the feelings he's held in for years. 
Harry just wants to take away all his pain. He wants to absorb it all and feel it so Louis doesn't have to. He'd do anything to make Louis happy again, to make him whole. 
"You're okay, baby. I'm right here," Harry coos into Louis' hair. Louis clings onto his shirt more and pushes himself closer to Harry.
"I'm right here, Louis, and I love you."
Louis pulls away from Harry's hug and stares at him with wide, terrified eyes. Harrys cheeks are tinted pink because he did not mean to say that. He didn't even know he felt that way. He does though. He does love Louis with all his heart and he realized it as soon as the words were slipping out of his mouth.
"I - I can't say it, Harry. I just can't say it. I'm sorry."
Three days. Three fucking days since Harry has even attempted to talk normally to Louis. The whole house carries the awkward tension and it makes everyone uncomfortable.
Louis remembers how Harry had just stood up and ran inside, clearly embarrassed. He didn't need to be, but he was. Louis sniffled, wiped his eyes and then walked into the house. He found Harry wrapped up on the couch, trying to sleep.
Louis had carried him into his room after he knew Harry was for sure asleep and Harry has been sleeping there since. Louis is on the couch.
The first day, Louis had tried to talk to Harry, despite the awkwardness. He wanted to apologize and maybe explain why he couldn't say it. He doesn't have a reason, but he was hoping one would come to mind.
Harry had ignored him and scurried off, locking himself in Louis' room. Louis just sulked on the couch for the rest of the first day.
Day two and Louis didn't even bother trying. He just spent the day out with Niall, collecting and delivering. Both boys avoided the topic, but it was obviously the elephant in the room.
Day three and Louis decided to leave the house all day and then all night. He hated sitting on the couch, knowing Harry was just up the stairs. He hated knowing he refused to talk to him.
This morning - day four - Louis wakes up early again. His back aches from sleeping on the couch, but he'd never let Harry sleep on it. No matter how pissed off he was starting to get.
He goes straight to the gym -like he did yesterday- and workouts for about an hour. He just let's out all his anger on the bags and it does help. After that he just mindlessly shoves food in his mouth and drinks cup after cup of coffee.
The other boys watch him silently, none of them knowing what to do or say. Are the supposed to say something? And if they are then what?
Harry stumbles into the kitchen, rubbing his eyes sleepily. Louis' own eyes find their way to Harrys adorable, kitten like self and fuck, he just wants to hug him. 
Harry opens his eyes and sees Louis looking at him. He blushes and looks away, avoiding his gaze and basically him. Louis watches him, hoping he'll say something, but Harry doesn't.
"I'm going to shower."
Louis storms away feeling hurt and rejected and just angry. He goes into his room and finally takes a shower in there. He's had to use the hall washroom these past couple days and he hates it. He prefers his own.
He starts to scrub at his skin with his own body wash and his hair now smells of the familiar scent too. He likes the familiarity of everything in his washroom and he's starting to wonder why he let Harry have it.
He leaves the small room and stumbles into his actual bedroom. Zayn and Niall are sitting on his bed and he flashes them a confused look.
"Yes?" he asks. His door is shut so he just drops his towel and starts searching for his clothes. The two boys don't even flinch as he does so and just start talking.
"What's up with you and Styles?" Zayn starts. Louis looks over his shoulder at them and then pulls on a pair of boxers.
Harry is outside the door listening. He thought Louis was showering in the hall washroom again, but the door is shut and voices ring through the room.
"Nothing. We're just taking a break I guess," Louis says. His tone is clearly sad and Harry feels so guilty for making him sound like that.
"Well, we've all been watching and I'm just curious as to why he's still here? We kept him around because he made you happy and now..." Zayn says.
"He still makes me happy," -Louis argues- "And he'll stay here because if he leaves he'll get hurt. I will not let that happen."
Harry moves closer, just wanting to hear Louis' voice. He fucking missed it and they live in the same house.
"His family?" Niall finally speaks. Louis is fully dressed now and he shakes his head at the two boys.
"No. I don't want them hurt. I know it's awkward and if this continues then once Brad is gone, Harry will be too," Louis promises them. Harry frowns. He knows Louis just means he won't live here anymore, but he doesn't want that.
"Okay. Well you can sleep with me if you want. I won't cuddle you like Styles, but my bed is comfy," Niall offers. Harry feels jealous instantly because that's his Louis. 
"Thanks, man. I appreciate that. The couch is so uncomfortable," Louis complains. Harry wants to cry because Louis is now sleeping with Niall? He knows it's not sexual or anything, but still. 
"There's also a party tonight, you coming?" Zayn asks. Louis shakes his head and looks down at the bed.
"I'm just going to stay home actually. The other two will probably go."
Harry moves away from the door and quietly down the hall, into the washroom. If Louis doesn't want to go to the party then he doesn't either. 
The day passes excruciatingly slow as everyone prepares to either go out or just lounge around. The three boys are worried about leaving Harry and Louis alone, but the two boys don't even care.
Louis thinks he's going to have a night to himself, and Harry is maybe hoping to end the silent streak. At nine the three others leave and once the door shuts the house is filled with loud silence.
Louis just walks up the stairs and into Nialls room. His bed is comfy, but it isn't his bed. He just wants his own bed again. He lies back and pulls out a book he was reading earlier. 
He reads for about twenty minutes when a faint knock is heard. He places the book down and turns to see Harry sheepishly standing in the doorway.
"Louis?" Harry asks. His voice is shy and quiet and it completely makes Louis' heart beat quicken. 
"Yeah, ba- Harry," Louis corrects himself last minute. Harry bites his lip and looks at Louis with wide eyes.
"I don't feel well... Can I lie down with you?" he asks. Louis really wants to scream at him and tell him no. He can't just come in here after three days and be cute and all is forgiven. Of course, Louis just nods his head.
Harry shuffles over and quietly climbs into the bed. There's a tiny space between them and Louis just shrugs and picks up his book. As he reads, he can feel Harry moving closer until they're touching.
"Are you mad at me?" Harry asks. His voice is still soft and slightly worried. Louis never really gets mad at him. Only one or two times has he gotten seriously mad, the rest have just been tiny spats. 
"Yeah I am, Harry," Louis sighs. He marks the page in his book and places it on the end table. He sits up so he's facing the tall boy and Harry moves so he's sitting up too.
"Okay. Do you want me to leave?" Harry asks. He's looking down at his lap and Louis just wants to hold him and cuddle him and just kiss him, but he's upset.
"No. I want you to talk to me," Louis tells him. Harry finally chances a glance at his face and Louis doesn't look too mad. He mostly looks hurt.
"I don't understand why you ran away, Harry."
"Because you didn't say it back! I was embarrassed and I still am," Harry says, raising his voice. 
"Don't you fucking raise your voice at me," -Louis tells him firmly- "You can't just come in here after not talking to me and then yell at me."
"Sorry." Harry whispers. 
"Yeah, okay." Louis tells him. His tone has become more annoyed and frustrated. Harry frowns because Louis is always so sweet to him and now he's not. 
"It's just upsetting to tell someone that and not have them return the feelings," Harry tries to explain. Louis shoots him a look.
"Would you prefer for me to lie? I'm not that type of person, Harry. I'm not going to tell you what you want to hear. When I say it, I will mean it," Louis explains. Harry feels himself deflate even more. So, Louis doesn't even love him a little bit?
"Don't look so sad, Harry," -Louis says, his voice softer- "I just don't want to be another person to lie and hurt you. I care about you and like you more than anyone. Ever."
Harry looks down, his brows furrowed and his lips pouty. He swallows and tries to understand. He does understand, but he just wants Louis to love him. Or at least tell him he does.
"So you can say you love Sam, but not me?" he whispers out. Once the words leave his lips he knows it's stupid.
"Really? Are you fucking serious? I loved her as a sister. If you want me to love you like that than we should probably stop kissing each other all the time," Louis says, his voice irritated again.
"You know that's not what I meant."
"What did you mean then? Please explain."
"I- you know what? Fuck this and fuck you," Harry fumes. He's frustrated at himself more than Louis honestly. He just doesn't understand why he's so upset about Louis not saying it.
"Excuse me?" Louis says. He goes to move off the bed and towards Harry, which makes Harry cower. It's just an instinct, but he covers his head and whimpers.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Harry cries. Louis stands at the edge of his bed in surprise at Harrys actions. Does Harry think he'd actually hurt him?
"Hey. No, no," Louis tells him softly. He walks over to him slowly and reaches out to comfort him. Harry jerks away from his hand -which makes Louis want to cry- and curls into himself more.
"I'm sorry. Please don't," Harry continues to cry. Louis feels this throat get thick and he watches as Harry sinks to the floor. He seems like a little boy, not a grown adult. 
"Harry. It's okay," Louis whispers. His annoyance at him is long gone and he squats down so he's at eye level with him.
"Can you look at me, baby? I'm not mad, okay?" Louis continues to talk softly to him. Harry sniffles and lifts his head. Harry can't even see a trace of anger in his features, all he can see is concern.
"Can I give you a hug?" Louis asks him. Harry nods eagerly and Louis moves forward slowly, not wanting to scare him. He wraps the boy in his arms for the first time in three days and it feels so good to hold him.
"I'd never hurt you," Louis promises him. Harry just buries his face into his neck, his tears wetting the skin.
"Why? Aren't you supposed to be like that?" Harry sniffles out. Louis chuckles and rubs his back soothingly.
"Stereotypical much? I just don't believe in that kind of stuff. It's not okay to hurt the people you care about in any way," -Louis tells him- "I think of my sisters usually. Even though I don't know them I wouldn't want anyone hurting them so I refuse to do it."
Harry nods and moves closer to Louis, until he's in his lap, his legs wrapped around his waist. 
"I'm sorry I was a jerk," Harry whispers into his neck. Louis just closes his eyes and lets out a small breath of air.
"That's okay. I'm sorry I can't tell you what you what you want to hear. It's just really hard for me," Louis tells him. 
They both just sit on Nialls floor, hugging each other close. They don't say a word and that's okay.
Harry thinks about how Louis can't say it. Can't say those three simples words. It's probably because he never got told it much. Never had anyone love him and he never had anyone to love. That makes Harry feel incredibly guilty.
He also thinks about how Louis never calls him names, never says anything to make him feel small and useless. Louis never hits him, even when he's angry and Louis doesn't take advantage of him. He could've the other day while they were smoking and he didn't. He respects him and no one has ever done that with Harry before.
Louis does everything for Harry. He always puts him first and takes care of him. Harry knows Louis will always make sure he's safe and well. He also knows that Louis probably does love him in some type of way. He just can't say it, but Harry is okay with that now.
After all, actions speak louder than words.
"You're clearly not aiming for the pads!" Louis shouts at Liam. He's doubled over, clutching his stomach. Liam snickers in front of him, his hands still raised and ready to fight.
"You just realized that?" Niall calls from the corner. They're all practicing boxing in the basement, but Liam keeps punching Louis instead of the pads he's holding up.
Louis just stands and in one quick movement punches Liam in the dick. Liam makes a high pitched squeal and hits the ground holding his crotch.
"You deserved that," Louis laughs. Liam glares up at him and the other three boys snicker.
"My turn?" Zayn asks. Louis nods and gestures for Zayn to come over. He steps over Liam and then nudges him with his foot.
"Move your whiney ass," Zayn tells him. Liam stands up and shoves him roughly before moving to the wall where Niall and Harry sit.
Louis holds the pads up and gets Zayn to hit them. Zayn is quick, but his punches lack power. Louis starts to make comments about him being a bitch and that makes Zayn punch harder.
The three watch as Zayn throws punch after punch, the thud of his fist meeting the pads filling the room. 
"Done. Practice with Niall now," Louis tells him. Zayn takes the pads from Louis and Niall jogs up, his gloves on and ready to fight. Liam has already left and went to the big punching bag in the corner, beating it senseless.
"Need water?" Harry asks as Louis sits next to him. Louis nods and gratefully takes the bottle from Harry. It's only been a day since their talk and their not fully back to how they used to be. If anything they've kind of went back to the beginning of their relationship.
"Can you teach me how to fight?" Harry asks. Louis looks over at him, squirting water into his mouth.
"Seriously?" He asks. Harry bites his lip and turns to see Zayn and Niall still practicing.
"Yeah. I want to know how to defend myself," Harry explains. Louis swallows another gulp of water and then shrugs his shoulders carelessly.
"That's not a bad idea, maybe we can show you how to fire a gun too," Louis muses. Harry's eyes go big and he shakes his head so his curls fall into his face.
"No way. I am not firing a gun ever," Harry tells him. Louis laughs and leans his sweaty head on Harrys shoulder, watching the boys and drinking water.
Harry doesn't make a comment about how sweaty Louis is and just wraps an arm around his bare torso, pulling him closer.
"Do you want to practice privately? You'll probably have to take your shirt off," Louis tells him. His blues eyes gaze up at Harry.
"Please. I don't feel comfortable with them seeing me like that..." Harry whispers to him. Louis tilts his head to the side and kisses Harrys clothed shoulder.
"That's fine. Just me and you then," Louis promises. They wait awhile until all the boys are in a desperate need of a shower and food. Once the area is clear of anyone except Louis and Harry, Louis jumps to his feet.
"Okay, so you can take off your shirt if you want. Those shorts should be fine and follow me," Louis chirps. Harry slowly pulls his shirt over his head, feeling self conscious about his scars, but knowing Louis would never judge him for them.
"You can grab Liam's gloves, mine are probably too small," Louis explains. Harry smiles stupidly at that, because Louis is so tiny and cute. He picks up Liam's large gloves and slips them on his hands. He turns to Louis and throws a fake punch, pretending to know what he's doing, which makes Louis laugh lightly.
"Cute," Louis coos. Harry frowns and drops his arms to his side.
"I'm shirtless and boxing, I should be sexy and dangerous," Harry tells him. Louis can't help the fond smile that covers his face, his eyes crinkling and his teeth showing.
"Just come here, Styles, and stop being cute," he orders. Harry pouts and shuffles towards him.
"Not cute," he complains. Louis rolls his eyes and lifts up his arm that holds the punching pad. 
"Okay, bend your knees and bring your hands up to guard your face," Louis instructs. Harry does as told and Louis nudges his legs, setting them in a better position.
"Okay, good. Now when you throw a punch rotate your shoulders, but don't twist your body. Keep the other hand up to protect your face and punch square on," Louis tells him. He holds up the pad and Harry hesitates and then punches the pad. Louis smiles and nods his head, encouraging him to do it again.
Harry beats the pad and Louis starts to change them up. He throws out instructions as Harry goes and tells him to try and use his left hand too. It's weaker, but overall the boy isn't weak. He could probably do some damage.
"You want to spar with me?" Louis asks while Harry gets a drink. Louis admires his long, toned torso and how it glistens with sweat. Harry is honestly a beautiful sight at the moment.
"Sure. Don't hurt me," Harry warns. Louis walks over and grabs his own gloves flashing him a smile.
"No promises. We won't do head shots because you don't have a mouth guard," Louis grins. Harry nods and throws the bottle down, walking over to Louis. 
They start off light and it's mostly for a laugh, but soon they're getting into it, both throwing solid punches at each other. Louis smirks when things get serious, but remembers the no head shot rule. Instead he kicks Harry behind the knees, making the boy fall to the ground. 
"Ow," he whines. Louis bites his lip trying not to laugh, but then he sees Harrys actually hurt and starts to worry.
"Shit. You okay, H?" he worries. He slips his gloves off and drops to the floor next to him. Harry is breathing heavily and his eyes are closed.
"I'm actually exhausted and my head hurts. That wasn't fair," Harry whines. Louis chuckles and leans down, kissing the top of Harrys sweaty head. He's kissed him everywhere except the lips in the past four and a half days.
"How about we clean you up and then see if the boys want to go out to eat?" Louis suggests. Harry squints his eyes open and pulls Louis down and rolls so he's on top of him suddenly.
"Why can't it just be me and you?" Harry grins down at him. Louis squirms until he can lean up on his elbows, but still have Harry sitting on top of him.
"Next time. I promise I'll bring you on a date soon," Louis tells him. Harry seems to think about it and then nods, leaning closer to Louis' face.
"Seal the deal with a kiss?" He asks. He seems nervous and it makes Louis feel tingly and kind of like a love sick high school student. The things Harry can do to him.
Louis leans forward the rest of the distance and his lips meet Harry's and move in perfect sync. It's wonderful and caring and everything Louis could want when he kisses him. 
"So next time it's a date," Harry smiles against his lips. Louis smiles in return and places one last kiss to his lips before he pulls away.
"Definitely," Louis agrees. Harry climbs off him and then Louis is scrambling up. They put away the gloves and the pads and grab their water bottles, drinking profusely.
"You're hot when you're fighting," Louis says beside Harry. Harry tries to fight away the large smile and raises a brow at Louis.
"Not cute?" he teases. Louis snorts and shakes his head, his sweaty fringe slightly falling in his eyes.
"No, not cute. Hot and dangerous I'd say," Louis replies, his tone also teasing. Harry rolls his eyes and they both climb out of the room. Louis holds both their shirts and Harry blushes when Niall looks over at them.
"What were you two doing?" he asks, wiggling his brows. Harry blushes even more and Louis rolls his eyes, turning to walk up the stairs.
"Use your imagination," Louis calls out. Niall laughs and Harry just scurries behind Louis. They make it into Louis' room - that they share again - and Louis looks at Harry.
"You can go first if you want," he offers. Harry bites his lip and nods. He's tempted to ask Louis to join him, but at the same time he isn't ready for that. His whole adult life has been filled with nothing but meaningless sex and he's not sure he's ready for that yet.
Of course it wouldn't be meaningless, but the idea of it freaks him out. Anything sexual has never been enjoyable for him, so he just walks into the washroom alone and showers quickly.
Louis is sitting on the bed when he returns with a towel around his waist. Louis just smiles and quickly hurries into the washroom, wanting to shower badly. Harry changes and he slips on one of Louis' shirts because it smells like him and Harry just enjoys sharing clothes with him.
Louis exits, his towel used to dry his hair and his whole body uncovered. He does this a lot so his naked body doesn't affect Harry as much. Of course he still finds him extremely attractive and he quite enjoys that Louis just walks around the room naked, but it's just a normal thing now.
"My shirt?" Louis grins. He loves seeing Harry wearing his clothing - though most of it is a little small. 
"Yeah... Is that okay?" Harry asks unsure. Louis slips on a pair of boxers and then walks over, kissing Harrys lips quick. 
"It's perfectly fine. Wear my clothes whenever you want."
Harry beams and cuddles more into it. Louis shimmies on a pair of jeans and then grabs a shirt from the drawer. It's nothing special, but he's looks decent and he's comfy.
"Time to eat," Louis declares. Harry walks beside him as they walk down the stairs, mindlessly chatting about where they want to go.
"Guys! Want to go out?" Louis shouts. There are footsteps heard and then the boys all arrive from different places. 
"Yeah. Let's go," Liam says. He grabs his keys and is out the door in a rush. Louis just watches him in amazement, but follows and enters the garage, his own keys in hand.
"Me and Harry will take my car, you three can take Liam's," Louis tells them. No one complains as everyone piles in and soon they're all driving. Louis has his phone on speaker, talking to Zayn. They're trying to decide where to go and finally decide on a pub downtown.
They arrive there with no trouble and park next to each other in the parking lot. People look at them as they climb out and Louis knows they know who they are. It gives him a sense of empowerment as people look at him and his friends in a weird sense of awe and fear.
He grabs Harrys hand, letting everyone know he's his and they head inside. The place is loud and littered with people of all ages. Louis just finds an empty booth and they all slide in. Liam, Niall and Zayn on one side, Louis and Harry on the other.
"You're paying right?" Zayn asks Louis. Louis gives him a look and Zayn shrugs, leaning back.
"Worth a try," he mumbles. A pretty waitress comes over then and smiles at all the boys. She's young and she knows who they are and what they do. Her fingers nervously fix her hair and her eyes try to focus on all of them.
"Hi, I'm Haley and I'll be your waitress," she introduces herself. The boys all smile and Louis leans forward, his eyes warm and friendly.
"Hello, love," he greets her. Harry pinches his knee when the pet name slips and Louis turns to him in amusement.
"What can I get you boys?" she asks. They all turn to each other and Louis understands and then turns back to her.
"We'll have five beers, hot wings and my blonde friend would probably enjoy your number," Louis smiles. Haley blushes and Niall grins up at her.
"I would definitely enjoy your number," Niall tells her. She smiles shyly and Louis tries to hide his laugh. Girls are so easy.
"We'll see. I'll be back with your beers," she tells them. Once she's gone Harry cuddles up to Louis, who places a protective arm around him.
"You're welcome," Louis says to Niall. Niall just grins at him and none of the boys are surprised that when the beers come so does a slip of paper with a number scrawled inside.
"Nice, bro," Liam congratulates him. Niall triumphantly gulps back his beer and that's that.
The evening is easy going and laid back. The boys all eat and drink - though Louis and Liam only have one beer - and everything is just perfect. They watch the football game that plays on the screen and Niall lets out a couple victory shouts as his team gets a touchdown.
Harry gets slightly tipsy and he becomes more cuddly. His head rests on Louis' shoulder and he'll occasionally blow small puffs of breath on his bare neck. 
"You're so pretty," Harry hums. Louis pulls away so he can look at the boy. Louis' eyes shine and dance with happiness. The dim lights showing the way the words made him feel happy and cared for.
"You tell me that a lot," Louis points out. Harry just moves back so he's cuddled into his side and closes his eyes in contentment.
"That's 'cause it's true," -Harry mumbles honestly- "You're pretty and smart and strong and just lovely. You are a lovely person, Louis Tomlinson."
Louis feels his heart swell as Harry drunkenly rambles. The words latch into his memory and he wants to remember the way Harry had said each word specifically and slowly and pointedly. He sounded like he meant each and every single word and it was so nice. It's so nice to hear those words.
"I know you can't say it, but I want you to know I love you, Louis. I'm drunk and I love you," Harry continues on. 
And in that moment Louis wants to tell him he loves him too. In the dimly lit bar, with his friends sitting across from him watching the game and sipping beer, he wants to tell Harry he loves him.
He wants to tell him he loves him in the purest way you can love someone. He loves him for their differences and their similarities and everything in between. He loves his messy curls in the morning and the way he covers his mouth when he laughs really hard.
He loves every little thing about Harry Edward Styles and it's amazing how the three words are sitting on the edge of his tongue, begging to be said, but it's like something is holding him back. Like once the words leave his lips, Harry will be gone, just like everyone else. 
So, he doesn't say the words out of fear and instead kisses the top of Harry head and holds him close, hoping Harry can just wait a little longer for the words to be said. Hoping Harry can somehow understand that he just needs a little longer, just a tad bit longer and then he can say it and god damn will he mean it.
There's a loud bang at the front of the bar that stirs Louis out of this thoughts and his whole table moves so they can see who caused it. There standing in the door is none other than Nick Grimshaw and he's smiling at their table.
"Tomlinson, you're wanted outside."
The five boys stand from the booth, Liam throwing bills on the table. The place is still loud with chatter, but all eyes follow them to the door. Harry grips at Louis nervously and Nick eyes the two boys as they get closer.
"Cute," he sneers at their entwined hands. Louis flashes him an annoyed, fake smile.
The six leave the pub and walk into the parking lot. Louis can feel the gun he always carries and he knows the other three have theirs too. He knows they'll need them. 
Nick breaks away and walks over to Brad. Matt is with them, but Jake isn't. Jake is at the bottom of the lake.
"I think you're missing someone," Louis points out. Brad clenches his jaw in irritation, but doesn't make a move to show any violence.
"I think you are too. Pretty brunette, great in bed," Brad smirks back. Louis feels bile rise in his throat and he's tempted to pull his gun, but he can't do it first.
"Why are you here?" Louis demands. Brad takes a step forward and looks over at Harry. Harry cowers behind Louis, still holding his hand.
"I came to take back what's mine," Brad informs him. Louis takes a deep breath when Brad says 'mine'. Louis is territorial and he doesn't share.
"I don't see anything that belongs to you," Louis says, giving Harrys hand a squeeze. The tension is thick and everyone is ready to pull their guns and shoot. Louis is in front of Harry protectively. He leans back into the boy and Harry leans closer.
"Grab my car keys out of my pocket. Be sneaky," Louis whispers to him. No one can hear, but Brad saw his lips moving and watches him curiously.
"What you saying?" he asks. Louis looks over at him with a smug smile, shrugging his shoulders.
"Just telling him I can fuck him better. I've heard about your small dick," Louis smiles. It's childish, but it gets under Brads skin - like Louis knew it would. Brad moves forward threateningly, but stops when he sees Liam holding out a gun.
"Take another step and I kill you," Liam tells him menacingly. Matt pulls his gun and points it at Liam. That causes Zayn, Niall and Nick to pull out theirs too. Louis and Brad both still gunless.
"This just turned interesting. Now, I'll let your little friends live if you give me my toy," Brad says. His voice is trying to be persuasive and threatening, but Louis just snorts and shakes his head.
"I'll give you my foot up your ass, but that's it," Louis growls. Brad laughs and starts to slowly walk closer. Louis tries to meet him, but Harry holds tight. The taller boy leans forward so his mouth is next to Louis' ear.
"I got the keys. Let's go," Harry whispers. Louis tries to remember Harry reaching into his pocket and can't seem to remember when that happened. The kid is quick.
"Are we going to pull guns Louis or are you going to fight like a man for once?" Brad asks teasingly. Louis is sick of this game and moves forward, ripping Harry's hands off his shirt. He gets nose to nose with Brad.
"Listen here, asshole, I will fucking kill you with my bare hands if I must. I'm sick of you showing your face around here and I'm sick of you talking about my boy like he's an object," Louis spits out. Brad pulls away and scans Louis' small body. He snickers and then shoves past him to Harry. 
Louis goes to move forward, but feels a cold metal press against the back of his head.
"Move and I shoot," Matt whispers. Louis grits his teeth and watches as Brad runs his fingers down Harry's cheeks, making the boy flinch.
"You miss me right, babe?" Brad asks. Harry slouches down, but shakes his head defiantly.
"Not even a little," he snaps. Louis can't see Brads face, but he knows he's angry when his hand swings back and then slaps Harry in the face. Harry cries out for Louis, his cheek red and his eyes watery.
Louis moves, but the gun is shoved into his head more. He really doesn't care about that, but all his friends eyes are on him, silently begging him to stay still. He does just that and plants his feet on the ground, his eyes never leaving Harrys.
"Don't touch him," Louis shouts out. His tone is gruff and pissed. Brad turns in amusement and then reaches back, pulling Harry forward. His hand runs down the boys side and grips his ass. Harry squeaks and tries to scoot away, but Brad grabs him hard.
"Harry," -Louis calls to him, his voice even- "remember what we did this morning?" 
Brad gives him a strange look and honestly thinks he's talking about sex. The whole thought confuses him, but Harry nods tentatively.
"Good. I need you to do that again and then the other thing," Louis says slowly. The other thing is to get to the car, which is so close. Harry takes a minute before he slowly nods his head.
Everyone watches them in confusion and Louis just looks at Harry, his blue eyes piercing even in the night.
"After me."
Once the word is out of his mouth, Louis kicks back and hits Matt in the gut. The guy is taken by surprise and it gives Louis enough time to turn and grab his gun. Matt looks at him in surprise from where he's standing and his hands raise in surrender.
Louis can hear a car start behind him and he moves backwards, gun still pointed at Matt. The others all still have their guns out and their breaths are ragged and scared.
"Zayn, get in my car. You two, get in Liam's. Drive. Don't look back," Louis orders. Nick still has his gun raised and Brad has recovered, his gun pointed at Louis.
"They'll shoot you if we leave," Niall argues. Louis doesn't even look away from Brads harsh brown eyes.
"I don't fucking care. Get in the car and drive. Zayn, make sure Harry is okay," Louis instructs again. He can hear two people moving and then another car is starting. Both guns are still trained on Louis and Zayn is close to his side. 
Niall and Liam sit in their car, watching the gun showdown. Neither side is pulling the trigger, but shots could be fired at any moment. Liam refuses to leave until both the boys are in their car.
"Leaving so soon?" Nick asks. He's been quiet the whole time and his voice makes Louis even angrier -if that's possible.
"Gun fights is public places aren't my thing," -Louis replies back- "next time try and make it a little more private."
A car moves and then a door is opening behind him. Louis looks behind quickly and sees Harry in the drivers seat, looking worried.
"Get in," he orders firmly. Zayn opens the passenger door, but keeps his gun on Nick. Louis is looking at Brad and hatred is flooding through him. It's a heat of the moment thing, but he pulls his trigger.
He aims lower -not killing him- but leaving him injured. The bullet hits the fleshy skin of his thigh and he let's out a loud gasp and his leg collapses. Louis jumps in the backseat, but keeps his window down, shooting at Nick and Matt.
Matt grabs Brads gun and both him and Nick shoot at the cars. They shatter their back window and Louis has to duck so they don't hit him. They shoot out Niall and Liam's windows too, but the cars are quick and soon they're pulling out of the lot and speeding down the street.
"Why didn't you kill him?!" Zayn screeches. Louis' heart is pounding wildly, his hair and the backseat covered in glass.
"Would've been too easy. I want him to suffer," Louis replies, his voice emotionless.
"I'm surprised he didn't shoot Harry! He fucking punched him in the throat," Zayn continues to yell. Louis turns to Harry's frantic figure in the front seat and grins.
"Good job, baby. I really think you need a gun now though," Louis says. Harry numbly nods and they make it back to their house in record time. They all climb out of their cars and stumble into the house.
"Niall got hit in the arm. A fucking bullet went through the window," Liam informs them. They all look to see the blood pouring down Nialls arm.
"Fuck. Come to the washroom, Ni," Zayn says. Niall weakly nods and follows Zayn up the stairs. The other three are quiet, no one knowing what to say. 
"We got lucky there. It's like they wanted us to get out," Liam states. Louis nods slowly, his brow furrowed in thought.
"They did. It was to scare us, not kill us. Brad was giving another warning and we should start taking them seriously," Louis mutters.
"You didn't before?" Harry asks. Louis turns to him and sees his cheek is still red. He moves forward and gently caresses the sore spot.
"No, I didn't. We need to get better. Start throwing some of our own surprises out there. I say we kill each of his men one by one until he's all by himself," Louis says. His eyes have left Harry and are now on Liam.
"Okay. Get Nick first, he's the strongest. We are so fucking lucky," Liam mutters for a second time. Louis looks away and sadly nods.
"Yeah I know. Next time we won't be. Planning starts tomorrow."
Liam just nods again and then he's climbing up the stairs, going to check on Niall. Louis just stays where he is. He can't help replaying the scene. It was too easy to get away. They keep playing these mind games, testing him.
Harry gently places a hand on Louis' back, taking the boy from his thoughts. He looks up at Harry's big green eyes and pretty pink lips. He's so god damn perfect.
"Are you okay? I'm so sorry," Louis tells him sadly. Harry just moves so he can he cuddle into Louis' chest.
"I'm fine and you don't have to be sorry."
"I promised he would never touch you again," Louis mumbles. Harry just curls more into him.
"You had a gun to your head. I'm not upset with you at all. I'm just happy you're here," Harry whispers to him. Louis holds him close to his chest, his heart hurting as the image of Harry being slapped plays through his head.
"Let's go see Niall," Louis suggests. The two boys walk into Nialls room and see Zayn bandaging him up. Liam sits next to him, trying to comfort him.
"How badly are you hurt?" Louis asks. The three pairs of eyes look up and Niall shrugs his one shoulder, not seeming to be fazed.
"Not too bad. I'll take a bit to heal up, but Zayns got me covered," Niall reassures him. Louis moves and squeezes in between Liam and Niall, placing an arm around the blonde.
"I'm sorry."
"Nothing you could do. Next time we'll kill 'em all!" Niall cheers. Louis actually laughs at that and pats his friend on the back.
"Sure thing. I'll see you guys in the morning," Louis tells them. He stands and moves to Harry. They all wave at the two boys as they exit the room.
They arrive back in theirs and both strip down to their boxers and climb in bed. Louis pulls Harry to him, wanting to feel the boy close.
"No clothes tonight?" Louis asks curiously. Harry snuggles closer, his eyes shut and his voice tired.
"No. I'm comfortable with you now," Harry tells him. Louis feels a wave of emotion at that and leans over so he can kiss Harry's cheek. His lips linger on the soft skin and he traces a line from his cheek to his mouth with his nose.
He kisses Harrys plump lips and Harry sleepily returns the kiss. It's adorable in Louis' opinion and he just draws small patterns on Harrys hips.
"You don't wear flower crowns anymore," Louis points out. Harry shakes his head and nuzzles closer.
"They remind me of Brad so I stopped. I don't like the memories," Harry admits, his lips brushing against Louis' bare skin. 
"No more talking. I'm sleepy," Harry yawns. Louis doesn't say another word and lets his pretty boy fall asleep in his arms. Louis can't sleep, his thoughts occupied with what he's going to do with Brad. There are no more warnings. This is serious now.
As he feels Harry subconsciously tangle their legs together and mumble his name in his sleep he feels a sense of protectiveness like he's never felt before. He can't let this happen again. Not with Harry.
Harry shifts and lifts his head. His squinty eyes find Louis and his hands gently turn his body so he's on his back.
"I want to just lie like this," Harry sleepily mumbles. Louis lets him rest his head against his chest again, his arm still around the boy. Harry hums happily and closes his eyes fully again.
"Perfect. Love you, Lou," he mumbles. Louis doesn't say anything. Just runs his hands through his curls. 
Three hours later, when he's practically asleep himself, he closes his owns eyes and mumbles the words he wants to say. No one can hear them except Louis, but they're said;
"I love you, Harry."
Louis reaches his arms around Harry, trying to position the gun right so he'll hit the target. Honesty, Harry has no aim and he continually complains about the noise even though he's wearing ear muffs. They all are because the gun is so loud and Louis is thankful he chose a house with no neighbors.
"Like this, babe. Now keep it steady and try not to jerk too much," Louis instructs again. Harry nods and Louis moves away, watching with intensity. Harry shoots and the bang lingers in the air, causing the whole world to seem eerily silent in comparison.
"I missed. Again," Harry complains. He slides his ear muffs around his neck and so do the others. They've all been shooting and trying to show Harry how it's done. 
"Lets try something different. This time I want you to pretend that we're in the same position as last night and one of the boys... Liam-"
"He'd let me die! Don't choose me!" Liam shouts. Zayn laughs and nods in agreement.
"He would let Liam die! We all would," Zayn calls. Liam smacks his chest and pouts and Zayn continues to laugh, telling Liam he's joking.
"Let's say it's Louis. A guy has his gun to Louis' head and if you miss the kill shot, Louis is gone," Niall says, sipping at his water. Louis turns to Harry and shrugs.
"Okay, you have to save me. If you miss I die."
"Let's make this serious. If you actually miss, I will shoot Louis," Liam replies. Harry and Louis both give him an appalled look and it makes the three laugh.
"You two are turning into one," Niall grins.
"Jesus Christ, I can't even handle one Louis," Zayn complains. Louis just flips them off and turns to Harry. He gently lifts his ear muffs back on and positions the gun back to its position. 
"Okay, just shoot. Pretend I'll be dead if you miss," Louis informs him. He then slips on his own muffs and steps back. Harry seems to examine the target and then the gun is blasting again, the sound echoing through the open yard.
"I hit the target... Not dead on, but I hit it," Harry says. Louis smiles and wraps his arm around the boy in a one armed hug.
"That's progress. Keep doing that, okay? I need some water."
Harry just nods his head and starts to reload the gun. Louis jogs over to the deck and hops up the stairs. The three boys are sitting in lawn chairs, bundled up and drinking water and beer.
"How's your arm?" Louis asks. He sits on the wooden deck and grabs a water bottle, sipping at the cold liquid.
"It's fucking painful," Niall complains. He stares down at his gazed arm and Louis pats his knee comfortingly.
"We'll get 'em back for you," he promises. Another bullet rings through the air and all the boys turn to see Harry has missed the target again.
"This is stupid!" Harry shouts. Louis smiles fondly at his frustrated figure and shakes his head.
"Again. Practice makes perfect," Louis tells him. He can hear Harry's faint grumbles, but the boy reloads the gun, preparing to shoot.
Louis seems to remember something and pulls out his wallet. He hands the boys three wads of cash, each containing the 150 they all knew he'd have to give up.
"I thought you'd forget," Niall smiles down at the cash. Louis shakes his head and leans back as the boys count.
"It's all there. I lost, go ahead and say 'I told you so'," Louis says. They all pocket the money, but not one of them says a word. It confuses Louis and he turns to see if Harry is behind him. He's not, he's still standing on the grass, shooting the gun.
"I think you owe us another 50. The bet was you wouldn't date him, but you have went beyond that and have fallen completely in love with the kid," Liam says, sticking his hand out. Louis rolls his eyes and shakes his head.
"You're not getting another 50 from me, Payne. Fuck that," Louis tells him. 
"Not denying the 'have fallen completely in love with the kid' part. How nice," Zayn comments. Louis just shrugs and leans back on his elbows. The three boys watch him in shock and he rolls his eyes.
"What?" he spits.
"You love him?" Zayn asks. Louis bites the inside of his cheek and looks over at the boy. He's sitting on the grass now, his phone out. 
"I think so. Is that bad?" Louis worries. All three shake their heads and Liam gets this weird smile on his face.
"Not bad. I don't like the kid, but he's good for you," Liam tells him. Louis laughs and leans forward, pinching Liam's cheeks.
"You're so corny, man," Louis continues to chuckle. Liam slaps his hand away and sends him an annoyed scowl.
"Lou?" Harry calls. Louis turns around and sees the boy looking at him, with big pleading eyes.
"Yeah, babe?" Louis calls back. Harry just stands to his feet and walks over quickly. When he reaches Louis he flops down on his lap.
"Can we go out tonight? Gemma wants to see us," Harry tells him. Louis bites his lip and all eyes are on him, waiting to see his reply.
"I don't know. I have a lot to do," Louis tells him. Harry pouts and rests his head against Louis' shoulder, kissing his neck.
"Please, Louis? I really want to see Gemma," Harry says. Liam, Zayn and Niall watch in amusement as Louis slowly starts to give in.
"Harry, I don't know," he tells him again. Harry lifts his head, his eyes wide and begging.
"For me, Louis? We'll come home early," Harry says. He leans forward, placing his lips on Louis'. Louis kisses him back and Harry pulls away, their lips brushing together.
"Please?" Harry whispers again. Louis sighs and nods his head, kissing Harry and then shoving him off his lap.
"Go get ready," Louis sighs. Harry grins happily and jumps up, rushing into the house.
"Whipped," Liam laughs. Louis glares at him and the other two laugh. He stands up and enters the house, shutting the door to silence their snickers.
Oscar comes running from the living room and jumps up at his legs. Louis laughs and picks the small dog up, kissing the top of his head.
"They're all jerks. You should attack them," Louis tells the small puppy. Oscar just stares at him dumbly, his tongue hanging out.
He walks into the living room and sees Diesel sleeping on the dog bed. He places Oscar next to him and pats the sleeping puppy.
"You stay, Oscar," Louis tells him. They dog used to sleep in his room, but then he peed on his bed and Louis doesn't trust him anymore.
Louis leaves the two small puppies and goes up to his room. Harry is sitting on the bed, his wet hair dripping as he texts rapidly.
"Hey," Louis tells him. Harry looks up at the sound of his voice and places his phone down.
"Come sit with me," Harry says. Louis crawls into the bed and climbs on top of him. Harry's face is close to his and his breath is coming out evenly.
"Thanks for coming out tonight," Harry tells him. Louis sighs and rests his forehead against Harry's.
"I really do have a lot to do," Louis says. He's so stressed with everything. He hasn't caught a break and if he leaves tonight something could go so wrong.
"I know, but you shouldn't work yourself up. You need to get out," Harry tells him. Louis laughs softly and shakes his head.
"I need to figure everything out. I just need this to all end," Louis tells him. Harry places his hands on his waist, his thumbs rubbing small circles into the skin.
"It will. Please just try to have a good time. I hate seeing you so stressed and upset," Harry admits. Louis nods and closes his eyes, letting Harry relax him.
"I'll try. For you," Louis tells him. Harry tilts his head so their lips connect and Louis fully melts into Harrys body. His arms wrap around Harry's neck and his fingers play with the hair at the back of his neck.
"I love you," Harry tells him softly. Louis is fully prepared to say it to him. He told his friends so why can't he tell Harry? 
"You don't have to say it," Harry hushes him. He leans down and kisses his lips again, knowing Louis does love him.
"I know I don't have to say it, but I feel it so I want to say it," Louis tells him. He just wants it out so Harry can know. So he can save it in his head and reply it over and over.
"It's okay, Lou. If you're not comfortable then that's okay. I won't force you to say it," Harry tells him. Louis sighs, his frustration growing.
"It's not okay, Harry. It's on the tip of my tongue, begging to be voiced, but I'm so scared that if I say it you'll be gone. You'll leave or be taken away and I just can't deal with that. I don't want you to go," Louis tells him in frustration. He goes to move away, but Harry keeps the grip on his waist, holding him close.
"I promise I will not leave you, Louis. Whether you say it or not, I'll be here," Harry promises him. Louis looks down at his sincere eyes and his soft face and something in him cracks.
He leans down and kisses him hard. Harry kisses him back, not even hesitating to do so. Louis forces his tongue in Harry's mouth and he tastes every surface of it. Their tongues move together magically, each knowing what to do. Louis loves how Harry's hands shift from his waist to his ass, squeezing it.
Louis pulls away and looks down at the beautiful boy in his bed. This heart is hammering and his brain is fuzzy and all he can taste and see is Harry.
"I-" he chokes on the word and he just wants to get it out. It's clawing at his heart, begging to be released. Harry just gives him an understanding smile and leans forward, kissing his nose.
"I know." Harry tells him. Louis just nods his head weakly, feeling stupid and shitty all over.
"One day," Harry tells him, moving the hair from his eyes.
Louis just hopes that 'one day' it isn't too late.
It's become a ritual for Louis. Every night he'll stay up until Harry falls asleep and then he'll whisper the quiet three words, kiss his head and then fall asleep too. 
He likes to think Harry can get the message in his sleep and sometimes, when he wakes up in the morning he has this knowing sparkle in his eye.
Louis is awoken today by lips being pressed against the bare skin of his chest. He slowly peaks his eyes open and sees Harry looking up at him, all dimples and curls.
"Morning, Lou," he grins, his voice raspy from just waking up. Louis groans and shoves his head back down. If he gets up he has to go plan.
The night with Gemma was fun, as Harry said it would be. It took his mind off of everything, but now he's all business, all the time.
"You going to see your mom again today?" Louis asks, his eyes shut. He just wants to stay in bed. He's so tired of sitting and going over everything with Liam, Zayn and Niall.
"Yeah. I was thinking about going to school in January? Is that okay?" Harry asks timidly. Louis opens his eyes and looks down. Harry looks nervous and he plays with the blanket, not looking at Louis.
"Yeah of course. I think that's a good idea actually. You and your mom going to look?" Louis asks. His voice is soft because he knows Harry is scared to ask. He knows Harry has probably been yelled and cursed at for asking that question so Louis refuses to do it. Plus, it's a great idea.
"We are. Maybe look for a job too? If you don't mind, I don't have to," Harry tells him immediately. Louis sighs and shakes his head at Harry.
"If you want a job, get one. I'm not going to hold you back, Harry. I'm here to support you and your decisions," Louis tells. Harry smiles again - Louis really loves his smile - and he hops off the bed, leaving Louis cold.
"Thank you!" Harry cheers. It makes Louis smile fondly, but he tilts his head when Harry tries to kiss him. Harry pouts instantly and shrinks back, feeling hurt.
"Don't give me that look, Harold. We both have morning breath and it's gross," Louis complains. Harry snorts and rolls his eyes.
"But I want to give you a kiss," Harry complains. Louis huffs and swings his feet off the bed. He stretches and lets his muscles stretch and his bones crack, a yawn escaping him.
"Brush your teeth and I'll kiss you," Louis tells him. Harry rolls his eyes again, but walks into the washroom. Louis laughs and follows him. He jumps up on the counter and watches as Harry puts toothpaste on his brush.
"You better brush yours too, mister," Harry says, glaring at him. Louis laughs, but grabs his brush. They both brush their teeth and whenever Harry looks up Louis crosses his eyes, making the boy laugh. After their teeth are all cleaned Harry smirks and slips in between Louis' legs.
"Kiss me?" Harry asks. Louis leans forward, his lips millimeters from Harry's. Harry can smell his minty breath and feel it fan across his lips.
"I'm hungry," Louis says and then he pulls back and jumps off the counter. Harry watches him in disbelief and follows him into the room.
"Not fair!" he whines. Louis turns and sticks his tongue out, grinning triumphantly as he struts out of the room. Harry continues to pout, but grabs a pillow off the bed and whacks Louis with it.
"Liar," Harry says and then he whacks him again, trying not to laugh. Louis turns to him with raised brows, a serious look on his face. He moves to grab a pillow and Harry hits him again, smirking.
Louis makes it to the bed and grabs a pillow. He turns in one swift moment and whacks Harry in the face with it. Harry grunts, but hits Louis again. The two continue to have their pillow fight and Louis jumps on the bed, laughing and hitting Harry in the head repeatedly.
They don't even hear the door open and Liam step in, watching the two in amusement.
"I would never guess you're 22 and a gang leader," Liam laughs. Louis drops his pillow and looks over at Liam. His face is shocked and his eyes are wide at the fact he got caught acting like a little kid.
Harry takes this as his opportunity to hit Louis' legs and the shorter boy falls off the bed in a heap. His whole body makes a loud bang fill the house and Liam and Harry's laughter quickly replaces it.
The other two come running up the stairs to see Louis picking himself up, grumbling the whole time.
"That never happened," Louis mutters, glaring at Liam and Harry. Harry bites his lip, trying to stop laughing and Liam just shakes his head.
"The more time you spend with him, the less intimidating I find you," Liam chuckles. Louis just shoots daggers at him and shoos him out of his room.
"Stay out of my room. I'll be down later," Louis calls after them. They all just file down the stairs and then Louis shuts his door and turns to face Harry.
"You're ruining my image," he tells him. Harrys smile drops and he places the pillow on the bed, feeling guilty.
"Sorry. I like this Louis better though," Harry admits. Louis raises his brow and steps closer.
"You don't like the other me?" he questions. He's not angry, just curious.
"I do, but when you're playful it's just better. As much as protective, aggressive Louis is hot, I prefer you playful," - Harry says quietly - "But I like all of you, so don't worry."
Louis smiles at the last part and takes another step closer. He wraps his arms around Harry's slim waist and gets on his tiptoes, giving him a sweet kiss.
"I'm not worried. Go get ready for your mom. I'll get you breakfast," Louis tells him. Harry smiles and leans down to kiss him again before he trots off to the washroom. Louis leaves and walks down the stairs, entering the kitchen.
"Guys, we're going out today," Louis tells them immediately. They all turn and give him confused glances.
"Harry's out so I say we get Matt now. I've done my research and he's the dealer. I've payed someone to tell him to meet them at the beach - which will be empty this time of year - so we can get him unnoticed," Louis tells them quickly. They all watch him for a couple seconds, letting his words sink in.
"Okay... So what? We're just going to kill him?" Niall asks slowly. Louis nods. He then moves and grabs down a bowl and some cereal. He places them on the table and then grabs a glass with orange juice for Harry.
"I'll kill him. The beach will be deserted so we'll have some time to make sure everything is clean," Louis informs them. They all seem to be thinking about the plan carefully. Louis is pleased they're taking it seriously.
"Okay. Do we send Brad something to let him know it was us?" Zayn asks. Louis moves and stands in front of them.
"No. He'll know, trust me. Once Matt is gone though that leaves him and Grimshaw. Grimshaw is smart, but he's weak," Louis tells them. Liam nods enthusiastically.
"I agree. If it came down to fighting he'd lose, but he's clever and he won't be easy to get alone," Liam pipes up. Louis smiles at him.
"Exactly. Matt will put them on edge. We'll wait, play it cool but safe."
There's thumps on the steps and all four boys turn to watch Harry enter the kitchen. He stops when he sees them all and gives them a shy smile.
"Did I do something?" he asks nervously. Louis shakes his head, as do the others.
"Nope. Everything is on the table for your breakfast. What time is your mom coming?" Louis asks. Harry sits down and starts to pour his cereal.
"20 minutes. She'd probably like to see you quickly," Harry tells him. Louis nods and moves so he can sit next to him. The room is silent as they all think about the plan. Louis isn't even nervous about it.
There's a knock on the door as Louis is putting everything away and he walks out to see Harry opening the door to reveal his mom. Diesel and Oscar run over to greet her and she leans over to pet the two puppies.
"Hi, Anne," Louis smiles. He walks over and gives her a hug. She returns it and smiles at her son over Louis' shoulder.
"You're okay with me stealing him for the day?" she asks when she pulls away. Louis nods and moves back, giving Harry space to leave with his mom.
"I'll see you tonight," Harry promises. He leans down and places a small kiss on Louis' lips, not caring that his mom is standing in the doorway.
"And don't forget to feed the dogs again," Harry calls. Anne laughs and Louis rolls his eyes, watching them walk down to her car.
"I won't. Have fun," he calls back. They both wave and then climb in her car and drive away. Louis sighs and shuts the door. He walks back into the kitchen and continues to plan. They have to be at the beach in two hours.
Louis rushes up the stairs and gets everything ready, not bothering to shower. He'll do it when he returns. He leaves his room, scanning it to make sure he has everything. He can hear people talking in Nialls and he walks in to see the others sitting on the bed ready.
"Lets go. Take Nialls car because he won't recognize it," Louis instructs. The three nod and follow him out of the house. They place food and water in the dog dishes, let them out quickly and then lock their doors. 
Niall drives, Louis in the passenger seat and the other two in the back. The radio is turned off and the only sound is Louis giving Niall instructions to the isolated beach. The drive is long and the closer they get the more tense they all appear.
They arrive with 10 minutes to spare and park faraway. The climb out of the car, making sure to close the doors silently. Louis knows where the deal is supposed to take place and leads the boys there. They all hide behind a rock and wait.
The guy Louis payed shows up and stands there. He looks nervous and keeps fidgeting. He could probably pass for a crack addict going through withdrawal, which is kind of what he actually is.
There's heavy footsteps and then Matt is standing in front of the guy. Louis can feel Liam move closer at the sight of him, but he holds his hand out to stop him.
"You came alone?" Matt asks. The guys nods his head and Matt scans the area. The four boys duck down and stay behind the rock. Louis' breathing remains calm and he hesitantly looks back over after a minute. Matt is passing the guy his drugs and the guy is paying him with the money Louis gave him. How nice.
Louis steps out and quickly shoots Matt's leg without warning. He can hear Liam shout at him, but he pays no attention. Matt is cursing on the ground and the guy is looking at him with wide eyes.
"Liam, make sure Matt stays down," Louis tells him. Liam shoots Matt again for good measure. He moves forward, gun out and looks down at the boy. His leg is bleeding badly and Liam can see he shot the side of his stomach, between his ribs and hip.
There's another shot and Liam looks up startled. The guy that bought the drugs crumples to the ground, completely dead. Louis shot him between the eyes.
"Why did you kill him?!" Niall shrieks. Louis turns to him, his eyes cold and emotionless.
"He was a witness and he used my money to buy another persons drugs."
Niall watches in amazement as Louis moves over to Matt, not even sparing the other guy a second glance.
"You and your friends think you're so smart," Louis chuckles. Matt just stares at him, refusing to give him the satisfaction of begging for his life.
"You gave me a few warnings, so I'm gonna give Brad one. I hope you don't mind that I'm using you to do it," Louis smiles. The rest of the boys watch, waiting for Matt to say something.
"You're going to lose," Matt spits. Louis clenches his jaw, but doesn't raise his gun. He just lifts his foot and slams it down on Matt's face. He can feel Matt's nose shatter under his shoe and Matt finally cries in pain.
"Listen here, Matthew, I don't lose. I'm going to kill every single one of you little fucks and I'm going to enjoy every second of it, you understand?" Louis asks. Matt looks up at him, his eyes angry, showing his hatred.
"Go fuck yourself," he says. Louis tilts his head and smiles happily at the boys bleeding face. He lifts his gun and points it at his throat, wanting to watch him choke on his own blood.
The bullet goes through his neck with a loud bang and all the boys watch as Matt tries to breath. His blood gurgles in his throat and he coughs, the blood flowing freely from his mouth.
"Just kill him," Zayn says. Louis looks over at him and nods. He raises his gun and makes a clear shot through his heart. The boy chokes one more time and then he stops. They all look down at his bloodied body and Louis sighs sadly.
"This left such a mess," he complains. Liam rolls his eyes and moves to grab their supplies. They pile the two boys into the same bag and seal it shut. The get buckets and fill it with the sea water, cleaning the blood off the rocks. The area takes a long time to clean, but by the end it looks fine and the boys have thrown their bloodied clothes, shoes and cloths into the bag with the bodies.
"Bring the bodies to the cliff and throw them over. No one will find them," Louis tells no one in particular. Liam moves and picks it up. The other three move back to the car and Louis passes them all a cigarette. They smoke in silence and eventually Liam returns to join them. 
"Do you ever feel guilty after that?" Niall speaks. 
"Yeah," Zayn and Liam both reply. Louis just stares ahead, his mind leaving like it always does after a kill. Those were kills 15 and 16.
"No. Those people deserve to die. They wouldn't feel guilt for killing me so, I won't feel it for them," Louis says. His eyes remain trained ahead, lost in his own world. Niall looks over at him sadly and Zayn looks at the ground.
"They have family and friends though. A whole life," Niall mutters. Louis flicks his eyes over to Niall and nods.
"I don't think of them as humans though. If you do that you won't be able to shoot," Louis explains. Liam furrows his brow and tosses his smoke away.
"What do you think of them as then?"
"Nothing. I don't think of them at all. I just shoot and turn my mind off," Louis says. 
"That's not healthy."
"Neither is smoking, but we all do it. We do what we can to make life easier, to survive. I'm surviving. If I don't kill them they'll kill me," Louis tells them. His voice is detached and his mind feels like it got dropped in the ocean with the bodies.
"I guess so. I need a drink," Niall mumbles. Louis chuckles and drops his cigarette, stomping on it.
"Let's go home then."
They all pile into the car again and none of them say a word. Louis pulls his phone out and texts Harry, making sure he's okay.
When they return they all climb out and all walk to the liquor cabinet. They just pull out everything they have and slowly start to drink.
"You didn't have to kill the innocent guy," Niall slurs. Louis looks up at him and shrugs.
"Yeah I did. If you're going to be this upset after a kill, maybe you shouldn't be here," Louis tells him. Niall sighs and looks down.
"I just saw the fear in his eyes as you pointed the gun. It fucked me up," Niall explains. Louis pours him another shot and watches as he shoots is back.
"Never look at the eyes. Ever," Louis tells him. They all agree and continue to drink. Zayn eventually pulls out the weed and then him and Liam are smoking. Niall declines and instead sits on the couch with Diesel in his lap.
The boys are careful to not blow the smoke in the direction of the dog, but soon Louis gets bored and his body begs for sleep.
"I'm going to bed. Let the dogs out," he tells them. They all nod and Louis marches upstairs. He strips off his clothes and climbs into his bed. His pillows are messed up from this morning and he rearranges them so they're perfect. He hears his door creak open and peaks to see Oscar looking up at him.
"You want in bed? I'm too drunk to care right now," Louis mutters. He gets up and picks the puppy up, placing him at the end. He curls up and looks at Louis, his big eyes drooping.
"You're cute, Oscar," Louis coos. Oscar just places his head down and falls asleep. Louis tries to do the same and soon enough his mind shuts down.
Harry enters the house, giving his mom a final wave. He turns to see two empty liquor bottles on the table and the three boys passed out around the room. Diesel is asleep on top of Zayns chest and is snoring rather loudly. Harry smiles at the image and doesn't even care about the smell of weed that lingers in the air.
He turns off the lights and makes sure all the doors are locked before he goes into his and Louis' room. He's surprised to see Oscar sleeping at the end of the bed.
He smiles at the sight of Louis all cuddled up in the blankets, his bare torso peaking out just enough. His face looks calm and happy while asleep and Harry always wishes he looked like that awake.
He always looks stressed and closed off while he's awake. His features hard, like he's fighting with himself at all times. Harry wonders if Louis tries to fight the little boy inside of him, the one that feels guilt and just wants to have a family and be loved.
Does Louis fight to keep him away as protection? Does he not want to face the guilt of killing people and is he trying to act like he doesn't care because he's so afraid to open up? Harry knows that it's all a yes.
He knows that the Louis everyone sees isn't who he is. Louis is the boy that danced with him at his moms birthday and shoved cake in his sisters face. He's the boy that has pillows fights and plays fetch with Oscar.
He's also a killer. Harry can't forget that, but sometimes it's hard to remember. When Louis is kissing him and holding him it's hard to remember that the hands stroking his face have pulled a trigger. And once Harry remembers that, he can't forget.
Yet he loves him. He loves him for everything that he is and that's why he strips quickly and climbs into bed. Louis opens his eyes and spots Harry. He moves closer and buries his face into his chest, inhaling his comforting scent.
"How was your mom?" Louis asks sleepily. Harry holds him in his arms and twists them so he's spooning the smaller boy. Louis just hums and laces their fingers together.
"Good. I have a job interview Monday and I think I'm going to college," Harry tells him. Louis lifts their hands and kisses Harrys knuckles.
"Proud of you, baby," he mumbles out. Harry smiles and kisses behind his ear.
"How was your day?" Harry asks. Louis moves closer to him and grips his fingers tighter.
"Horrible. I killed people. I just want you to hold me," Louis whimpers. He's half asleep and isn't aware of the sad tone in his voice, showing his guilt.
"I can hold you. Are you okay?" Harry asks. He's not even upset about the killings. It was probably business.
Louis lets go of his hand and turns to face Harry. He places his head in the crook of his neck and loosely wraps his arms around Harry's waist.
"I'm okay. I feel a little guilty. I just really missed you," Louis admits. Harry knows he won't remember this conversation in the morning and sighs, holding the boy close.
"It's okay, Lou. I missed you too."
The two boys lie in silence and Louis thinks Harry has fallen asleep. Harry is almost asleep when he hears a small whisper, mumbled against his chest;
"I love you."
And it makes his heart swell. He knows he wasn't supposed to hear it. It was supposed to be said in the private of the night so, he just continues to lie there. It doesn't really count as the first time because Louis is half asleep and it wasn't said directly to him, but the words continue to play through Harrys head like a lullaby.
Louis wakes up the next morning with a slight headache and a bitter taste in his mouth. Harrys arms are wrapped around him and Louis smiles into his chest.
He lets out a small sigh - his breath ghosting over Harry's skin - and closes his eyes again. His long eyelashes brush against against Harry's chest and Louis hair tickles under his chin.
Harry moves in his sleep - not fully awake - and pulls Louis closer. He mumbles something unintelligible and Louis loves this. He loves having someone to cuddle and admire.
"Louis?" Harry mumbles out. Louis lifts his head and opens his eyes. Harry's are still closed and his plump lips are parted, ready to speak.
"I'm hot," Harry continues. Louis laughs and decides to play dumb. He moves closer to him and wraps his arms and legs around the taller boy.
"You are very hot. And you're all mine," Louis replies. Harry groans and gently pushes Louis off of him. He kicks the blankets down to reveal his almost naked body and Louis looks down at it admiringly.
"I'm actually hot, Lou. Sorry," Harry mutters out. He then turns and Louis looks down to see his briefs clinging to his cute butt. Louis can't stop himself as he reaches forward and pinches it quick. Harry yelps and jumps, turning back to face him.
"Louis! I'm tired, stop it." Harry whines. Louis just gives him an innocent smile.
"I didn't do anything, H. Go back to sleep," Louis murmurs. Harry stays facing him and closes his eyes. Louis just lies in front of him and looks at the peaceful boy.
He's all his. Louis can call that beautiful boy his and it makes him feel this sense of accomplishment. He may have done so many bad things, but Harry is lying in his bed so he's done something right.
"I can feel you looking at me," Harry murmurs, his eyes remaining shut. Louis just smiles fondly and reaches over, brushing his curls.
"You're so amazing," Louis tells him. Harry's cheeks turn pink and he peaks his eyes open to see Louis looking at him lovingly. It makes his heart beat quicken and his body feels even warmer.
"I really don't know how I got you. I don't deserve you at all," Louis continues. His voice remains calm and his eyes stay locked on Harry's.
"Don't say that," Harry tells him. Louis furrows his brow and brings his hand back up to stroke Harry's cheek. He does it unconsciously, but Harry loves the gentle touch.
"If you find someone one day - at school or work - and you really like them, don't be afraid to leave. I would be upset, but I wouldn't hurt you for it," Louis tells him. Harry is surprised by his words and he takes awhile to respond.
Why would Louis think of that? Harry can't even imagine finding someone he loves more than Louis. He can't imagine ever leaving him and he's only been with him for four months. You can say Harry gets attached easily, but can you blame him? Louis is practically perfection.
"Why would I leave you?" Harry asks. Louis snorts and pulls his hand back. His face shows his insecurity and he looks down now, avoiding Harry's eyes.
"Because I'm kind of an asshole. And I kill people - which isn't good by the way - and I sell drugs. I'm selfish and I don't know how to be a boyfriend, but I'm trying and I'm just a mess. You deserve the best and I'm mediocre," Louis admits. Harry frowns and moves closer, not caring how warm he is.
"Hey. I'm a clingy, annoying little shit and honestly, you do more boyfriendy things for me than I do for you. You may not be the best, but neither am I. We're both people and we have flaws. I'm all yours, no one can take me away," Harry promises. Louis moves forward and protectively wraps his arms around Harry again.
"All mine?" he asks. Harry nods and kisses the top of his head.
"I'm all yours. Don't even worry about me leaving. You're stuck with me," Harry grins. He can feel Louis lips pull back against his chest and then the lips are pressing against his skin. Louis then pulls away and Harry frowns at the sudden emptiness he feels in front of him. 
"Why'd you pull away?" Harry pouts. Louis gives him a strange look and pulls the blankets up around himself.
"You were hot. Nice talk, but go back to bed," Louis tells him. Harry just looks at him like he's crazy, but shrugs and flips over. His eyes shut and he feels himself relax.
"You have such a cute butt," Louis giggles. Harry turns pink again and stays faced away so Louis won't see.
"Shut up. I thought you were trying to sleep."
"I was, but your ass distracted me," Louis says. Harry can hear the smile in his voice and it causes him to smile in response. 
"Sleep." Harry orders.
"Yes, Sir," Louis says in a fake voice. Harry shakes his head and closes his eyes yet again. This time he actually sleeps.
The two boys wake up again at around 11am. The sound of chatter flows through the house and Louis can hear the distinct bark of Diesel. Oscar left the room in the middle of the night and Louis is not sad to see him gone.
The two boys climb out of their bed, stretching and yawning. Harry goes and puts on a pair of pants and a shirt and Louis just leaves the room in his briefs. 
The boys are all sitting in the living room, watching some talk show and eating Kraft Diner.
"Any left?" Louis asks. Liam looks up and nods, stuffing a spoonful in his mouth. Louis just walks into the kitchen and grabs down two bowls. He fills them up and hands one to Harry when he finally enters.
"What shall we do today? We all have to stay in the house and play it cool," Louis informs Harry. Harry takes a bite of the cheesy pasta and seems to think of what he wants to do.
"Can we just watch movies and make out in your room?" Harry asks. Louis shrugs and feeds himself more food.
"Can we do that naked?" Louis asks. Harry chuckles, but Louis raises his brows - completely serious.
"You can. I think I'll keep my pants on," Harry says. Louis pouts and lets out a sad sigh. 
"You're no fun," Louis complains. Harry doesn't even reply and just continues to eat. They finish their bowls and place them in the sink before walking back up the stairs. Oscar trots after them and Harry takes him into the room despite Louis' grumbling.
Louis throws Harry the remote and then starts to strip. He was very serious about cuddling naked. 
"I thought you were kidding," Harry laughs. Louis looks at him and jumps on the bed, crawling under his big blanket.
"No. I enjoy being naked," Louis tells him. Harry shakes his head, but can't stop himself from trying to lift the blanket off of Louis. Louis giggles and pulls the blanket up to his chin, refusing to let Harry see him.
"You can't just sit next to me naked and not let me see," Harry whines. Louis gives him and evil smirk and moves his hands to the waist band of Harry's briefs.
"Strip and I'll let you see me," Louis tells him. Harry shakes his head and Louis juts out his lip and gives Harry big, sad eyes.
"Lets be naked together," he tries again. Harry shakes his head and removes Louis' hands. Louis sits up and looks at Harry's uncomfortable face and feels bad instantly.
"Hey, I didn't meant to upset you. You don't have to strip, wear a parka if you want," Louis tells him. Harry just takes a shaky breath and turns to look at him.
"I'm just not ready for that yet... I know I should be, but I've never had good experiences with sex or anything like that and just getting naked for you makes me feel sick... I'm sorry. I know I'm being stupid and acting like a child," Harry rambles. Louis grabs his hand and leans his head against Harry.
"It's fine. I'm sorry for making you feel like that. It's no rush, H. I'll even put on pants," Louis offers. Harry pulls him on his chest and smiles at Louis. It's a small smile, but his dimples show and his eyes are happier.
"I like you naked. I just don't like me naked," Harry explains. Louis doesn't reply. Harry's lips are so close to his and his eyes are a bright green today - like the grass after a good rain - and it all just makes Louis place his lips on Harrys. Harry hums happily into the kiss and lets Louis control it. 
The thing that separates them is Oscar crawling up the bed and trying to get in between their kissing figures. Louis pulls away and glares at the small dog in annoyance, while Harry coos at him and moves so Oscar can come sit with them.
"I regret adopting him," Louis grumbles as he watches Oscar sit on Harry's lap, getting all his attention.
"No you don't. He's our little baby," Harry says in a baby voice. Louis looks at Harry and he can't stop the stupid, lovesick smile that forms on his face. 
"He's a pain in the ass," Louis replies, but his smile is still on his face. Harry looks up from the dogs slobbering face and Louis forgets how to breathe. Harry looks so happy, his smile wide showing off his teeth and dimples. His eyes are vibrant and seem to glow with happiness and his hair frames his face in the most perfect way.
"You love him. Don't even deny it," Harry grins. Louis has to drag his eyes off Harrys face so he can look at the slobbering beast that rests in his lap.
"He's okay. As long as you love him," Louis concludes. He looks back up at Harry and Harry is still smiling that goofy, happy smile.
"I love him. We're a cute little family," Harry blurts. His cheeks heat up at that because he thinks Louis doesn't want to hear that. That's a little fast and maybe Louis will be upset.
Louis feels his heart stop and then rapidly pick up. His stomach fills with butterfly's and his whole body seems to glow. He looks between Harry and the puppy and finally leans over the puppy to kiss Harry again.
"A cute little family," Louis repeats against Harry's lips. Harry can feel Louis' smile and opens his eyes so he can stare into the never ending blue of Louis' eyes. He's so in love with him it hurts.
They don't say anything for awhile. They just stare at each other and nothing else matters. Louis can feel the large part of his heart the solely beats for Harry and he doesn't even care how dramatic that sounds. Harry is honestly the only person who's managed to steal his heart fully and completely. 
He'd give up everything for the boy, even his own life.
A week passes with no troubles. The boys continue business as usual and Harry does well on his job interview. Louis, Zayn and Harry even look at college courses Harry can take. Everything is quiet and Louis is starting to get suspicious.
He's back to watching the other gang. They don't appear to be doing anything out of the ordinary and Gramshaw is now dealing. Louis' noticed that Brad appears to be recruiting, but that's it.
They spend the whole day planning another attack while Harry just continues to look through school courses. None of them can seem to think of a solid plan, so with a final sigh of disappointment they call it a night.
Louis gives the boys a wave goodnight and then goes and enters his room. Harry is sitting cross legged in the middle of his bed, reading off Louis' laptop. Louis just crawls behind him and wraps his arms around Harry's waist, his head resting on his shoulder.
"Found anything interesting?" Louis asks. Harry leans back into Louis' chest and grabs his hands, playing with his tiny fingers.
"Maybe something with food? Or I could be a plumber?" Harry says. His voice is uncertain and Louis laughs into his neck, placing a small kiss where his shoulder and neck meet.
"You'll find something, baby. You just want to watch something on the laptop until we fall asleep?" Louis asks. Harry nods and they both get ready for bed. Once they're both comfortable Louis pulls his laptop on his chest and types in Game of Thrones. 
They click on the episode they're on and both settle down. They watch silently and they aren't even halfway through the episode before Harry falls asleep on Louis' shoulder. Louis just pauses the show and places his laptop on his night stand, plugging it in.
He crawls down and turns so he's spooning Harry. It may seem weird because the size different, but neither cares. Louis enjoys being the big spoon. 
The only sound in the house is the buzz of someone's television and the night seems to just be at peace. Louis falls asleep easily, his mind clear of worry.
The sound of a phone ringing wakes him up. He turns and sees that it's 1:38am. He grabs his phone in confusion and sees an unknown number on the screen. He hits accept and places it to his ear.
"'Ello?" he mumbles out. A yawn escapes him and he can feel Harry stir. He climbs out of bed, and quietly sneaks out of the room, shutting the door silently.
"Louis? Fuck help me," Gemma pleads. Louis' eyes open wide and his body is alert and awake.
"Gemma? Where are you? What's wrong?" Louis worries. He's standing at the bottom of his stairs and his heart is pumping too fast.
"I'm with Brad. Please help, I'm scared," she cries. Louis can feel his heart drop and his blood boil. The sound of the phone being switched is heard and then another voice fills Louis' ears.
"Hello, Louis. I thought I'd give you a little surprise," Brad says. His voice is smug and it makes Louis want to punch another hole in his wall. Of course he doesn't because the others just got filled.
"Let her go, Brad," Louis tells him. His voice is cold and threatening, something Brad is used to hearing. 
"I don't think so. I actually have a request; if you want her safe come to my warehouse. Alone," Brad informs him. Louis clenches his jaw. This is a trap because either way he knows Brad won't let Gemma go.
"Okay. Don't touch her and I'll come," Louis promises. Brad agrees and then hangs up. Louis runs a hand over his face and grabs a pen and paper. He's not stupid and he writes where he's going. He leaves it on the kitchen counter and then sneaks back into his room.
Harry is still sleeping peacefully and Louis feels his heart drop. He can't let anything happen to Gemma. Harry needs her. Louis slips on a pair of sweats and a shirt. His sneakers are placed on his feet and a gun is placed inside his waistband. He moves over to Harry and leans over, placing a small kiss to his head.
Louis rushes out of the house quietly and drives on the empty streets. His heart is beating and his mind is going crazy with worries and thoughts. He needs both him and Gemma to get out alive.
He arrives at Brads in record time and sprints from the car. He enters the building and is met with the sight of Gemma sitting on the ground, her legs tied.
"Louis! Thank fucking god you're here," she cries. Louis moves forward and kneels down, untying her legs. He looks up and tries to see where Brad is. The place appears empty, but Louis can feel him lurking, watching them.
"Did he touch you?" Louis worries. Gemma shakes her head and moves forward, wrapping her arms around Louis' neck. Her tears soak the fabric of his shirt, but he just rubs her back and lets her cry.
"What a sweet moment," Brad speaks. Gemma flinches at the sound of his voice and Louis stiffens. He looks around the room and can't seem to find the man anywhere.
Brad steps out of a room in the back. He has a sick smile on his face and his eyes are trained on the two figures on the floor. He pulls his gun, but Louis is fast and stands to his feet, also pulling his. He keeps a protective stance in front of Gemma and he can hear her cries behind him.
"You said if I came you'd let her go," Louis tries. Brad chuckles at him.
"I said she'd be safe. I'll let her go though. If I want to kill her I'll do it when I'm done with you," Brad tells him. Gemma whimpers behind them and Louis tells her to run. She does as told, and Louis can hear her retreating footsteps.
"Gemma!" Brad calls. His voice is fake and sweet. Gemma must've turned around because he tilts his head and forces a smile.
"If you call the police or your brother I will kill Harry and then you." 
Louis' nostrils flare in anger and his finger moves to the trigger. He's ready to pull it when he feels another gun being pushed against his skull.
"Not so fast," Nick snickers. Louis can feel the blood drain from his face and the door to the warehouse closes, signaling the departure of Gemma. 
"You think you're so smart, Tomlinson, but I'm smarter. I've always been smarter and when I kill you and take Harry back, I'll be sure to tell him that. I'll tell him how much better I am as I thrust into his tight ass-"
"Shut the fuck up," Louis interrupts. He can feel his anger taking over and he considers pulling the trigger even if it ends his own life. Nick must sense that because he quickly hits Louis' arm, making the gun fall to the ground.
"Move for it and we shoot," Nick tells him. Louis stays still and keeps his eyes on Brad. The man is looking at him in victory and Louis feels so sick. This is it. His final night.
"I'm going to be nice and give you one phone call. I can kill you before, during or after the call, but you can make it," Brad tells him. Louis doesn't think it's nice at all. It's torture and Brad knows it. He wants to watch Louis break as he whispers his final words.
Louis keeps his eyes trained on the gun as he pulls his phone from his pocket. He dials the number quickly, knowing exactly who he wants his last words to be said to. The phone rings and rings before he finally picks up.
"Louis? Where are you?" Harry mumbles in his sleep. Louis swallows thickly and keeps staring at the gun. He can die any second.
"I love you, Harry. I fucking love you and I'm going to die and it's too late, but I love you," Louis rushes out. He waits for the impact of a bullet, but none come. Brad is watching him with a clenched jaw, but he doesn't pull the trigger.
"Louis! Where are you?!" Harry is freaking out and Louis wants to close his eyes, but he keeps them trained on the gun.
"You'll be okay. Everything is okay," Louis tries to calm him. Brad just keeps watching him and Louis seriously thinks this is torture. This man knows it is.
"It's not okay! Where are you? Please tell me. You said you're going to die. You're not allowed to die," Harry cries. Louis can hear the door open through the phone and then there's voices freaking out. Harry just continues to cry.
"Breathe, Harry. Everything will be okay. You'll be okay and life will go on. I just need you to know I love you. I love you so fucking much and I should've said it sooner, but I'm an idiot and didn't. You mean everything to me," Louis whispers. His voice cracks and he tries to fight away tears. He will not let himself cry.
"I'm going! I know where he is!" Louis can hear Liam shout through the phone. Louis wants to scream for them to stay, but he doesn't. He just listens to everything and tries to take it all in.
Brad watches the boy in amusement. The more he hears him tell Harry he loves him, the more hate he gains for him. His fingers are itching to pull the trigger, but he knows the longer Louis stays on the phone, the more this will hurt all of them. He wants to torture all of them and he wants to see Louis crumble.
"Harry. Please talk, I want to hear your voice," Louis pleads. He feels like his whole world is crashing and everything is coming back to him in painful flashes. 
All his memories rush forward and he can see his mom and dad. He witnesses their funerals and his group home with his sisters. He can hear the bang of the gun at his first kill and taste the many joints he's smoked. His mind flashes through all the people he's slept with and all the friends he's made through his 22 years. 
He can feel the touch of Harrys hands and imagine the feel of his lips pressed against his. He can picture all his moments with Harry and all his moments with Liam, Zayn and Niall. He sees all his regrets and accomplishments and everything in between. And he's ready to die, he thinks. He just needs to hear Harry's voice one last time.
"I love you, Louis. We're coming just don't get hurt. I love you, I love you," Harry cries. Louis swallows and looks at Brad. He can't control when the other boy will shoot, can't control if he'll die or not. He has no control and for once he just let's it go. It's his time.
"I'll be okay," Louis tells him. His voice isn't convincing and Brad laughs at the silly promise. It's then that he decides to pull the trigger.
The building fills with the noise and it echoes through the phone. It rests in Harrys ears and he starts to scream.
Louis just falls to the ground, closing his eyes and letting the world go black. His last thought is of Harry and it brings a small smile to his face.
When a gun fires the bang echoes and then lingers. It rings through your head and you think you'll never hear another sound after that bang. All Harry can hear is the continuous bang of the gun replaying over and over, even now.
He's curled in a ball, tears falling down his face at a fast pace. He's wearing Louis' sweater and it smells like him. The sleeves are wet from Harrys never ending tears and Harry doesn't understand how he has any left.
With each beat of his heart, he feels an ache so deep it can never truly be fixed. Louis is on a table, being examined and poked at and there's nothing he can do. 
His breath is shaky and his eyes sting. His throat is hoarse from screaming and all he can manage is small hiccups. He feels empty and wrong and sick. He's thrown up twice. The first time when he saw Louis' body. The second when he finally realized what happened.
He's crying like today is his last day to cry. Like he needs to cry for his past, present and future all in this one moment and it feels like he'll never stop. Maybe he won't.
Everyone leaves him be. Zayn watches him, tears prickling his eyes at the sight. The curly headed boy reminds him so much of Louis and just looking at him makes his heart ache.
Louis' his best friend. The one person who could get him out of his shell and bring him to life. Without Louis Zayn would be lost and he's not afraid to admit that.
Zayn never had friends as a kid. Always smarter than the others, he'd just sit in the back of class and doodle. He found the people his age boring and no one ever caught his attention. Same through high school and eventually he moved on to medical school.
He thought he'd fit in there. All the people with the same intelligence and the same hopes. He wanted to save people, but he never thought he needed to be saved. He didn't make any friends until his second year. The year he met Louis.
All he did was give Louis a smoke. And then the next day he did the same, until Zayn would just wait for him, a smoke ready. Louis invited him into his life, explaining the dangers and not even trying to glorify it. Zayn joined because he wanted a friend, and Louis was more than willing to be his.
So, Zayn lets a few tears fall because Louis was his first real friend. The first person to give him a chance and understand that he liked to be alone, but he also liked to be a part of something. Louis made him a part of something. Louis made him feel important.
Niall openly lets his tears fall. He's not as loud as Harry and he feels he doesn't have the right to be. Nialls never been the strong one in the group. He's never pulled the trigger on a gun and he's only been in about three fights. He's just the charismatic one, the one that sells and buys and keeps them out of trouble.
Louis' one of his closest friends and Nialls never had to experience anything like this before. Sure, he's felt the pang of hurt, but not like this.
Louis is the one that helped him after everything. He didn't even know Niall and he still sat and listened. Niall loves that about Louis, how he can listen. You can tell he's listening and that he genuinely cares and his eyes show how invested he is in you. Louis was a lot of terrible things, but Niall can never say Louis wasn't loyal.
Nialls brother is an asshole and he stole everything from his mom, leaving her practically homeless. Louis gave him and his mom a place to stay and he gave Niall a job. Niall still takes care of his mom with the money he makes. He can only do that because of Louis. 
Liam watches all three of them. His cheeks remain dry and no tears threaten to fall. He has an image to maintain and he can't cry over his boss. Though a part of him wants to cry over his friend, but he will do that when he knows he's alone. 
Liam was bullied. It's a fact he never tells anyone and he tries to stuff those memories to the back of his mind. He was the first to meet Louis. They went to high school together and Liam was so jealous that the weird kid with the ugly haircut got friends before him.
Louis talked to him though, despite the fact that Liam was bottom of the food chain. Louis would sit and have lunch with him and when he became the leader of the gang he used to invite Liam over to just hang out.
They were close, despite how opposite they were. They still are close. Louis is the only one that knows about Liam and Liam trusts Louis with his life. 
Liam asked to join the gang. Louis told him no. He said no because he respected him as a friend and as a person. He didn't want to corrupt him, but Liam was persistent. So, Louis let him join and they went from friends to brothers. And Liam fights the wave of sadness that crashes over him at the thought. 
He will not cry for his boss. 
He can fight off tears until he's alone for his friend.
But he let's one tear slip for his brother. Pushing his ego aside just for the moment and only for Louis.
Liam looks over at Harry and sees the boy still crying. He listens to the sniffles and hiccups of his friends and realizes Louis' meant a lot to all of them. He affected them all in such a deep way.
Harry glances up and sees Liam looking at him. He just sniffles sadly and brings his sleeves up so he can wipe at his wet face. Liam moves over, breaking Harry's invisible barrier and sits next to him.
Neither says anything, but Liam wraps a protective arm around Harry and Harry lets him. Liam vows to protect him for Louis.
Harry just closes his eyes again. All he wants is Louis to hold him. He can still feel their last kiss lingering on his lips and his frantic 'I love yous' rush through his head. 
You realize how much someone means to you in times like this. How much someone has truly affected you and how attached you've become. Harry can't believe how heart breaking it was to see Louis lying on the floor in his own blood. How sick he felt when the metallic smell filled his nose and flooded his senses.
Harry never realized how much he actually loved Louis until that moment. How much that boy had saved him and made him better. He never realized how much he needed him.
Not need in the sense of depending solely on him, but he needed to see his smile in the morning. Hear his voice as he mockingly called him 'Harold'. He needed to be able to trace his tattoos and kiss his pink lips and stare into those blue eyes that just drew you in. He needed Louis to just be there because he kept him sane and whole.
He chokes on another sob and Liam pulls him closer. Harry just collapses in himself and starts to cry hysterically again. All he can say is 'why' and 'Louis was shot'. Other words can't leave his mouth.
Footsteps walk towards him and Harry stills doesn't look up. He doesn't want to see Zayn or Niall. All he sees when he looks at them is Louis and that just makes his heart hurt because Louis isn't here. The next words make him lift his head though;
"Hello. Mr. Tomlinson is alright and surgery went well. He is now allowed to have visitors."
Harry is the first to enter the hospital room. The beep of the heart monitor and Louis' shallow breaths the only sounds heard. Tubes are connected to every part of his body and Harry can see the gauze that covers his chest peaking through the hospital gown.
Louis' still knocked out so Harry just sits in the chair next to his bed and reaches for his limp hand. The others go and sit in the other chairs that are in the room and no one says anything.
Zayn and Liam both fall asleep leaning on each other and Niall turns on the television, watching a soccer game. Harry just rests his head on the hospital bed, his eyes closed but his mind awake.
They all drift off at some point, but Harry wakes when he feels a squeeze on his hand. He lifts his head groggily and sees Louis' looking down at him, his blue eyes beautiful and alive.
"Louis," Harry chokes. Louis softly nods his head, his throat too dry to talk. Harry can't really hug him or anything because of the tubes, but he wants to crawl into the bed.
"Water?" Louis croaks. Harry immediately is grabbing him a glass and pressing it to his lips. Louis sips at the cold liquid and feels it soothe his throat. Harry gently eases it away from his lips and then he's just looking at Louis.
His breathing is still heavy, his face pale and his hair a mess. He has dark bags under his eyes and his lips are chapped. Harry doesn't really care about any of that. Louis is alive and he's beautiful and Harry just really loves him.
"You okay, H?" Louis worries. Harry's eyes become wet and tears gently fall down his cheeks. He's not loud as he cries because the others are still sleeping.
"No. You could've died, Louis. How can I be okay? You almost left us! Don't do that again," Harry cries. Louis - despite all the tubes attached to him - reaches out and strokes Harry's cheek. Harry leans into his touch, just like the first time. He craved affection the first time, now all he craves is Louis.
"I'm sorry. I won't leave by myself again. I'm okay though, baby. I'm right here," Louis promises. His chest aches with each word that leaves his mouth and he starts to cough harshly when he's finished. That makes him ache more so he lies back, flinching with each cough.
"Louis?" Liam murmurs from the corner. Louis coughs again and Liam rushes over, giving him his water. Louis takes a sip and it calms his coughing, but not a lot. Liam hits the button on the side of the bed and a nurse is in the room shortly after.
"Oh he's awake," she smiles. She comes over and starts to check on the systems and him. She asks him questions that he can faintly reply to.
"Okay, Mr. Tomlinson, you need to rest. Have another nap and when you wake up Dr. Reagan will talk to you," she smiles. Louis nods and closes his eyes. She gives the boys one final, friendly smile and then she's leaving the room.
Harry is still sitting next to him on the chair and Louis reaches out and grabs at his fingers. He's weak and can barely grip them, but Harry knows what he wants. Their fingers intertwine and Harry rests his head back down on the bed. He looks up at Louis and watches as the boy drifts off yet again.
Liam sits across the room and watches as Louis falls asleep again and Harry lies next to him. Harry reminds Liam of a puppy - loyal and adorable. He stands to his feet and stretches his arms, back cracking.
"Hey, Harry?" Liam whispers. Harry lifts his head and looks at him. He flashes him a tired, weak smile and Liam returns it.
"I'm getting some food, you hungry?" Liam asks. Harry nods his head and then looks at Niall and Zayn. They're still soundly sleeping, but will probably be hungry when they wake.
"Maybe grab a bunch of snacks and stuff? Those two will probably eat when they wake up," Harry explains. Liam nods and starts to walk to the front of the room. He pats Harry's shoulder on his way out.
Liam goes and grabs chips and water from the vending machines. He spends almost $25 altogether on random snacks. He struggles to bring it all back and when he does he sees Harry has also fallen asleep. Liam just chuckles and places the food down on the small table and climbs into his chair, closing his eyes.
Three hours later and Louis stirs again. There's a nurse examining one of his IVs and she smiles warmly when seeing him.
"Hi, Mr. Tomlinson. Did you have a good sleep?" she asks. Louis nods and then rolls his head so he can look at Harry. The younger boy is sleeping peacefully next to him - one arm cradling his head, the other holding Louis' hand.
"Your boyfriend was very worried," the nurse tells him. Louis looks back at her and forces a small smile. It's pathetic and sad and Louis is on the verge of tears.
"When can I go home?" Louis asks. The nurse gives him a sympathetic look and shakes her head.
"I can't tell you that. I can go get Dr. Reagan if you'd like," she offers. Louis nods and she gives him one final smile before she leaves. The sound of the door shutting makes Harry snap up and Louis is instantly rubbing his thumb over his knuckles.
"It's okay, baby," Louis soothes. Harry relaxes at the sound of Louis' voice and lies back down, his green eyes not leaving Louis' blue ones.
"How are you feeling?" Harry mumbles out. Louis instinctively touches his chest and closes his eyes.
"I'm sore. Crawl into bed with me?" Louis suggests. Harry bites his lip and Louis gives him big puppy eyes. Harry sighs and stands up, trying to figure out how to get into the bed.
"Only the patient in the bed," a mans voice echoes through the room. Harry jumps and sees a doctor looking at him in amusement. Harry blushes and sits back down, finding Louis' hand yet again.
"How are you, Mr. Tomlinson? You went through quite a traumatic event," Dr. Reagan says. Louis shrugs and grips Harrys fingers harder.
"I'm sore, but alright. Just give me some painkillers and send me home," Louis grins. The doctor shakes his head and comes over. He looks at Louis' gauze and and checks the machines. Louis doesn't understand why they all do that so much.
"You'll have to stay here for a little while. Recovery takes times and I need to make sure you recover properly," Dr. Reagan states. Louis purses his lips and lets out an agitated sigh. He really wants to go home.
"I actually need to talk to you alone. Is it alright if I kick your friends out for awhile?" he asks. Louis - despite his discomfort at the idea - shrugs and the doctor wakes the three sleeping boys. They all grab some food and smile at Louis softly as they leave. Louis wants them to stay so badly.
"Wait!" he shouts. They all stop and turn to look at him. His pale face doesn't show any emotion, but his eyes look determined.
"Can they stay? I haven't spoken to them yet," Louis says. The doctor shakes his head.
"They can't. Once we're done, they can come back in."
The three boys don't wait for Louis' reply and all just leave. They don't want to upset the doctor. Harry goes to stand up, but Louis grips his hand. Harry could easily pull away from Louis' weak grasp, but he doesn't want to upset him. The beeping of his heart monitor starts to increase drastically.
"Can he stay? I need him to stay," Louis pleads. His voice is tiny and scared and it breaks Harry's heart. Louis' heart is beating fast and the doctor notices the grip he has on the other boys hand.
"He can stay, I guess," the doctor allows. Louis lets out a relieved breath and Harry sits back down, playing with Louis' tiny fingers.
"Okay, Mr. Tomlinson, you do know you were shot yes?" - Louis nods - "Good. The person just missed your heart. A couple more centimeters and you'd be dead. That means this person was an amateur or they wanted you to live. Do you know who shot you?"
"No idea," Louis says. The doctor gives him a look that clearly says he doesn't believe him.
"You were shot from the front. I'm assuming you saw the shooter."
"No. Thank god for them too. I don't take revenge lightly," Louis says darkly. Dr. Reagan sends him a wary look, but returns to his notepad full of questions.
"Why were you out so late?"
"Business. I got a very important call and well, I guess I should've stayed home," Louis shrugs. Harry rolls his eyes and Dr. Reagan doesn't even question him. He's not stupid and he knows who Louis Tomlinson is.
"Well, I guess you're lucky your friends got there in time. I will be giving you painkillers and antibiotics when you leave, but until then we'll just place painkillers in your IVs. You will be on bed rest here and when you go home so, no more late night calls."
Louis nods, but honesty he's bored of the conversation. He just looks over at Harry and pulls his hand away so he can trace the soft skin of his face.
"Mr. Tomlinson, are you listening?" Dr. Reagan asks.
"No. Can you leave now?" Louis replies back. His tone is harsh and it causes Harry to frown.
"Be nice, Lou," Harry tells him softly. Louis sighs and glances over at the doctor.
"Sorry. I just want to spend some time with him," Louis says. His tone is exasperated, but he's trying to be nice. Dr. Reagan just nods and starts to leave. He can hear the sound of giggling before he closes the door and looks in to see Louis smiling fondly at the giggling boy. It's amazing how different he becomes from just staring at him. 
"Come in bed now," Louis whispers. Harry shakes his head, a large smile on his face. Louis pouts and tries to scoot over, but ends up wincing instead.
"Stop moving. I'm not coming in the bed," Harry tells him firmly. Louis looks up at him and then sighs, starting to get up. Harry reaches his hands out and stops him.
"What are you doing?! Lie down," Harry shrieks. 
"If you won't come to me, I'll come to you," Louis laughs in amusement. Harry groans, but moves so he's gingerly sitting on Louis' bed.
"This is as close as I'm getting," Harry tells him. Louis just rolls his eyes and wraps his arms around Harry's waist, gently pulling him down. Harry is careful to not fall on him or to pull out any wires. Louis keeps an arm around Harry, but is too sore to turn on his side. He just tilts his head and smiles softly.
"I'm happy you didn't die," Harry whispers. Louis wants to laugh, but he just grabs Harrys hand and leans forward, kissing his lips.
"Me too."
"I'd miss you so much," Harry whimpers. He buries his head into Louis' shoulder and Louis brings his hand up so he can run his fingers through Harry's curls.
"I know. It's okay, baby," Louis coos. Harry just moves closer and sniffles lightly.
"You scared me," Harry says. Louis closes his eyes in guilt and just stays silent. He can feel Harry's salty tears on his shoulder. 
"Were you scared?" Harry eventually murmurs. Louis licks his lips and then nods. He can feel Harry's eyes on him, but he keeps his closed.
"Terrified. It's like everything you've ever done comes rushing back and it suffocates you as you wait for you life to end. A count down to your final breath."
Harry just continues to watch him, knowing he's not done.
"You know what scared me the most?" Louis asks. Harry shakes his head and Louis finally opens his eyes and looks at him. They're watery and red. "Leaving you."
Harry leans forward and connects his lips with Louis'. He's wanted to do this for a day and a half now and he can finally feel Louis' mouth against his. He can taste him and smell him and feel him. He is gentle with the kiss, knowing Louis is still weak, but Louis kisses him back happily. 
The heart monitor starts to speed up again and Harry laughs against his lips. It causes Louis to smile back and he leans forward to kiss Harry's lips quickly again. 
"I love you, Louis," Harry tells him honestly. Louis looks at him, his eyes crinkled and full of fondness. Harry isn't even upset that Louis doesn't say it back. It was a heat of the moment thing the other day and he understands. Louis leans down again and connects their lips. Harry melts into the kiss, but Louis is quick to pull away. He rests his forehead against Harrys, but keeps his eyes trained on him. Blue meeting green.
"I love you more, Harry."
Two weeks and finally Louis can go home. He's still sore and his gauze is still covering his chest. The doctor hands Harry Louis' pain medicine and antibiotics as they prepare to leave.
"He'll take an antibiotic in the morning and evening. Give him the painkiller whenever he complains. Come back in two weeks and we'll check up on him," Dr. Reagan smiles. Harry returns it and turns to a grumpy Louis.
"Ready to go home?" Harry grins. 
"Yes. I've been fucking ready, I'm so sick of this fucking hospital," Louis grumbles. Dr. Reagan laughs - now used to the boys grumpiness.
"Remember he still has to take things easy. Just relax for the next two weeks okay?" Dr. Reagan tells him. Louis moves forward so he's next to Harry and takes the boys hand.
"Yeah. I'm leaving now," he says. He starts to drag Harry out of the room. Harry gives the doctor a final wave over his shoulder and then Louis has him fully out of the door.
"You're supposed to be in a wheelchair," Harry tells him. Louis just gives him a glare and it makes Harry shut his mouth and walk behind him silently. They arrive at the front and Louis signs himself out. Zayn is standing by the front door, ready to drive them home.
The three don't say anything as they walk out to Zayns car. They make Louis sit in the back - which irritates him - and Harry shrinks down in the front. Louis in a bad mood makes him nervous.
The drive is tense and awkward. No one says a word and Harry just really wants to go home and hide in bed with Oscar. Once the car is parked Louis is out and walking up to the door. Zayn and Harry look at each other and then run after him.
"You want to watch movies, Lou?" Harry asks timidly. Louis ignores him and unlocks the front door. Niall and Liam both smile at him, but Louis doesn't return it. He doesn't even smile as the dogs - much bigger now - attack his feet.
"What have you guys done while I was away? Did you still do business? Plan anything?" Louis finally speaks. Liam frowns, but shrugs his shoulders carelessly.
"We did drop offs and went to Grahams for a quick pick up. We didn't plan much though," Liam tells him. Louis glares at everyone in the room and then starts to walk off towards the basement.
"Where are you going?" Harry weakly asks. He doesn't like when Louis gets angry and upset. It's nerve wracking for him.
"To plan shit. I am not going to sit around and let Brad win. He will not get away with this," Louis seethes. Harry takes a small step forward and gives Louis a worried look.
"He won't, but you need to rest right now. How about you lie down and I'll make you some food?" Harry tries. Louis seems to get angrier at that and he whips around fast.
"No! I'm not a pathetic fucking baby. You can't tell me what to do and I don't want you taking care of me. Niall got shot! Go baby him," Louis shouts. Harry steps back because honestly his feelings are hurt. He never wanted to make Louis angry, he just cares.
"That is completely different. Yes, Niall go shot, but it was his arm and we did baby him for the first week. You almost died, so don't yell at Harry for caring," Zayn says. He moves forward and places a hand on Harrys back trying to comfort the boy. Louis sees this and it infuriates him. He's not even angry at his friends, he's just angry in general so he's taking it out on them.
"Oh what? You two are buddies now? I'm gone for two weeks and I get replaced?" Louis spits out. Everyone just looks at him with wide eyes because no one understands what's going on.
"This is fucking ridiculous. I have this ugly fucking scar and people are going to just stare at it and it makes me ugly. It makes me so ugly and now people won't even like me. And I fucking lost! I lost to Brad! That's so embarrassing," Louis continues to go off. He's pacing the floor and the four boys just watch, letting him get it all out.
"I can't do anything now! It hurts to breathe and do activities and it's your fault!" Louis yells, pointing at Harry. Harry jumps, but Louis all of a sudden doesn't even look angry. He just looks sad as he glances at Harry.
"It's all your fault. You just had to be cute and charming and special. Why couldn't you just stay with him? Why can't you just hate me?" Louis asks weakly. Harry goes to move forward, but Zayn holds him back. Harry turns to look at him questioningly.
"Don't. He's having a breakdown and you don't know what he'll do," Zayn says. Harry bites his lip and then shrugs out of Zayns grip.
"I'm not worried," Harry says honestly. He slowly walks over to Louis and gently touches his arm.
"You okay now?" Harry asks quietly. Louis looks up at him and his eyes become angry again.
"No! You did this to me! I hate you," Louis yells. He slaps Harry's chest, but the slap is weak and clearly not meant to hurt him. It's actually pathetic and Harry knows it's to get anger out. It won't even leave a tiny mark.
"I hate you. I hate you. I hate you." Louis chants and he continues to hit Harry. Each time the slaps become weaker until Louis just wraps his arms around Harrys waist and he buries his face into his shirt.
"I love you." he finally mumbles. He hides his face more into Harry and clings to him tighter.
"I'm sorry. I love you. I'm an asshole. I'm sorry," - Louis murmurs - "Fuck. Don't hate me."
Harry just holds him and then gently and carefully picks him up. Louis squeaks at the sudden change, but wraps his legs around Harrys waist.
"I'm bringing him to bed," Harry tells them. They all just watch in awe as Harry carries Louis up to his room, Louis not even fighting it. Harry gently kicks open their door and then sets Louis on the bed.
"You want to talk civilly now?" Harry asks. Louis scoots up the bed and rests his head on the head board. 
"I don't hate you." Louis whispers. Harry crawls on the bed so he's sitting in front of him.
"I know."
"I don't hate you at all."
"I know."
"I'm just not used to feeling so useless. Sitting in that hospital made me feel weak and I hate that feeling. I like being in charge and feeling in control and lately I haven't been."
Louis closes his eyes and tilts his head up to the ceiling. He lets out a small breath and then looks back at Harry.
"I shouldn't have hit you. I am so sorry, Harry," Louis chokes out. Harry shakes his head and moves forward, gently touching Louis' knee.
"It's okay-"
"It's not. Don't you ever think that it's okay. Did I hurt you?" Louis worries. Harry shakes his head again and looks into Louis' eyes.
"I'm fine. It felt like I was being hit by a toddler honestly," Harry tells him. Louis scans his face and then moves forward, lifting up his shirt. Harry lets him take it off and as Harry thought, not even a mark.
"See? I'm okay." Harry reassures him. Louis swallows and seems to scan his chest repeatedly just to make sure.
"Louis. I'm okay. Are you okay?" Harry asks. Louis drags his eyes back up to Harrys face and shrugs.
"I guess. Everyone is going to think my scar is ugly though," Louis pouts. Harry actually cracks a small smile at that.
"Who cares? Are you trying to impress everyone else?" Harry asks. Louis shrugs and looks down, his brow furrowed.
"I just have always had my reputation and looks. Both are gone now," Louis admits. Harry lifts up his chin and places a small kiss to his thin lips.
"I still think you're beautiful," Harry tells him sweetly. Louis actually manages a tiny smile and leans forward, connecting their lips again. He moves so he's straddling Harry's waist. His mouth moves urgently against Harrys and his tongue slips in past Harrys plump pink lips.
Louis grinds down on Harry causing him to moan into Louis' mouth. Harrys hands seem to move slowly down Louis' curvy sides until they reach his ass, groping at the fleshy skin. Louis pulls away from Harry and looks into his eyes.
"You're perfect," he breathes out. Harry's heart seems to beat faster at the words that leave Louis' lips and he reattaches their lips quickly. Louis allows him to and they only stop when Harry moves his hands from Louis's ass to the hem of his shirt, slipping his hands underneath.
"No. I don't want you to see or touch my chest," Louis says quickly. Harry gives him a confused look, but removes his hands. 
"Louis, you know it doesn't bother me," Harry tries to tell him. Louis shakes his head and places his face in the crook of his neck.
"It bothers me. If we do anything, my shirt stays on."
Harry gently pulls the boy off him so he can look into his face. Usually Louis is doing all the comforting, but today it's Harrys turn. 
"That's fine, baby. I don't know if I'm ready to go all the way just yet anyways," Harry admits. Of course, he wants to be completely intimate with Louis, but he's scared.
"How bad was he to you?" Louis asks. Harry looks down and purses his lips. He trusts Louis with all his heart, but he feels disgusting telling people what happened.
"He was disgusting, Lou. He just... I cried a lot. When I'd cry he'd just get rougher and sometimes I'd bleed. I never felt important and his needs were always before mine. Sometimes I thought if I was just better..." Harry explains softly. Louis reaches over to him and gently caresses his soft skin, his fingers leaving goosebumps in their wake.
"It was never your fault, Harry. You're already the best you can be and to me that's perfect. I want to know what happened - I want you to trust me - but honestly it is disgusting and I hate knowing that you went through that. You're not disgusting though. You're perfectly wonderful," Louis comforts him. Harry wonders how they changed roles so quickly. He was just comforting Louis and now Louis is comforting him. 
Louis gently pushes Harry onto the bed and climbs on top of him. He leans down and kisses down his neck, leaving a red mark in his wake. His lips trace over Harrys collar bones, making him shiver in pleasure.
"You're lovely. I'm so sorry about what I said earlier," Louis murmurs against Harry's chest. 
"You're so pretty. So, smart and sweet," - Louis continues to talk, leaving small kisses across Harry's bare skin - "And you're mine. All mine."
Louis lifts his head back up and kisses Harry properly again, short and sweet. His blue eyes gaze into Harrys green when they pull away and it makes Louis forget what he was going to say.
"And you're mine and I love you," Harry speaks for him. 
"I love you too. I really am sorry about earlier. I'm just not used to being taken care of or really needing to be taken care of."
Harry just moves the hair from Louis' face and places a gentle kiss on his forehead, his lips lingering on the soft skin. 
"Okay. Can I take care of you for a couple days? Will you let me?" Harry asks. He's afraid Louis will snap again, but he just lies down next to him and curls himself around Harrys bigger body.
"I'll let you. My chest is starting to hurt," Louis tells him. Harry nods and starts to get up. Louis grabs his wrist and looks at him.
"Your painkillers are downstairs," Harry explains. Louis nods and lies back down, nuzzling his nose into his pillow. Harry rushes down and the three boys turn to him.
"Is he okay? Did he hurt you?" Liam asks. Harry grabs the pill bottles and then sends Liam a glare.
"He's fine and of course he didn't hurt me. I'm going to go lie down with him. Don't bother us, please," Harry tells them. He doesn't wait for their replies and takes the stairs two at a time. He arrives back in Louis' room and sees the boy is still lying on the bed.
"How much pain?" Harry asks. 
"A little. One pill will do," Louis tells him. Harry opens the bottle and places the pill on the bedside table. He goes to grab some water from the washroom, but Louis just swallows the pill back without it.
"Come cuddle with me. I missed you," Louis whines. Harry crawls into bed and spoons the shorter boy.
"I was there everyday, you couldn't have missed me," Harry mumbles into Louis' soft hair.
"Yeah, but it was never just us. I missed just being with you."
Harry hums happily and closes his eyes. He can feel Louis relax in his arms and then the two boys are falling asleep soundly. All is okay in their world.
Well, for now.
Louis let Harry baby him for five days and Harry loved every second of it. Basically, Harry got Louis all to himself for five days straight and it was perfect.
"Harry, you have to let me start planning," Louis tells him. Harry pouts and wraps his body tighter around him.
"No. Stay in bed with me," he mumbles into Louis' skin. Louis chuckles and gently pries Harry off him.
"I can't. Don't take this the wrong way, but I'm tired of seeing your pretty face all the time," Louis says. Harry lifts his head up and scowls at him.
"You can never get tired of my pretty face," Harry replies stubbornly. Louis stands to his feet and rolls his eyes fondly.
"I can and I have. I'm just going downstairs to talk to the boys. Don't you have a job now?" Louis asks. Harry groans and shoves his face back into the pillow.
"They haven't called me back," Harry grumbles out. Louis pulls on some sweats - he slept with a shirt on - and gives Harry a reassuring smile.
"They'll call soon. You want me to talk to them?" he smirks. Harry flips his head over so he's looking at him and narrows his eyes.
"No. That's cheating and I want to get this job because I deserve it. Not because you're a scary asshole," Harry tells him. Louis raises his brows and places a hand over his heart.
"Me? A scary asshole? I'm offended," Louis gasps. Harry snorts and closes his eyes.
"I'm now sick of your sarcasm. Don't you have deaths to plan?" Harry mumbles out. Louis looks at him fondly because he is so cute. Hair across the pillow, eyes shut and features soft.
"I do. You just sleep, cutie," he whispers. He moves forward and kisses the top of his head and then leaves the room. He hops down the stairs and Diesel comes running over to him, panting and drooling.
"You're disgusting," - Louis tells him as he pats the dogs head - "Has anyone fed you?"
"I did," - Zayn says as he walks out of the kitchen - "and he's not disgusting. Tell him you're adorable, Di. You're so cute," Zayn coos at the dog. The dog shakes his bum and licks Zayns hands, seeming to understand.
"It's times like this I question why people are scared of us," Louis mutters. Zayn looks up at him and smiles before he continues to pet the dog.
"I thought you were on bed rest," Zayn says. Louis shrugs and waits for Zayn to straighten up to actually talk.
"I can't lie down any longer. I need to start planning," Louis tells him. Zayn nods and starts to walk into the kitchen. Louis follows and sees the other two already up.
"Hey, Louis," Niall greets him. Louis smiles at him and goes and grabs himself a cup of coffee. After he pours his cup and jumps up on the counter, they start.
"I honestly think we should just tell him. Tell him to meet us somewhere and may the best team win," Liam says. Louis sips his coffee and then places it next to him.
"Is this the Hunger Games? We need to be smart. We need to get him when he least expects it and we need him to suffer. I want to tie him up and whip him until you can't even tell if he has skin. I want to pull out his teeth and cut off his dick-"
"Slow down, mate," Zayn cuts him off. Louis turns to him and Zayn has his arms raised.
"I knew you were insane, but I didn't know the extent. I agree we should be smart though. He'll expect something sneaky and well choreographed," Zayn supplies. 
"Why don't you just do it in public?" another voice comes through. They all turn to see Harry sleepily standing in the doorway.
"And I don't mean the supermarket, but at a party. Brad goes to them all the time and he gets wasted. All you have to do is lead Nick away and he'll be completely useless," Harry continues. 
"If he sees us there..." Niall starts. Harry moves across the room and slides in between Louis' legs, facing the room.
"Don't bring everyone. Liam and Louis go and you two wait. If there's a problem be close by," Harry tells him. Louis smiles happily down at him and wraps his arms around his shoulders.
"It could work. Liam can distract Nick and I can lead off Brad," Louis says. 
"You're still injured," Niall pipes up. Harry bites his lip at that because he completely forgot that fact.
"I'll be fine," Louis argues.
"No. You can always wait-"
"No, Harry. We have to do this soon. I want him dead," Louis states firmly. Harry turns and looks up at Louis, his face full of concern.
"You promised you wouldn't get hurt again," Harry whispers.
"I also promised I'd protect you," Louis shoots back.
"If you go, I go," Harry tells him and Louis shakes his head quickly.
"No. You'll stay home."
"If you go, I go."
Louis looks at Harry's face and battles himself. Harry could get seriously hurt if he came, but Louis knows he won't agree to stay. He bites the inside of his cheek and shakes his head.
"You're not coming," Louis tells him firmly. Harry wraps his arms around Louis' waist and shakes his head also.
"If you go, I go," he repeats.
"Just let him go, Louis. Nothing will happen to him," Liam joins in.
"You don't know that! You don't fucking know that and if something happens to him I swear to fucking God, Liam, I'll go insane," Louis shouts. Harry rubs his back soothingly and kisses his clothed stomach.
The room is silent and everyone seems to be thinking. Harry just continues to silently comfort Louis and Louis closes his eyes and runs his fingers through Harry's curls.
"Louis... What if we got Brad alone by using Harry?" Zayn asks timidly. Louis is already shaking his head. He wraps his legs around Harry and pulls him closer, like he wants to absorb him.
"Listen to me. What if we make it seem like this was all a plan setup by Harry. He used you and now you're left heartbroken and defenseless. So, Brad thinks 'haha I really won' but in reality we're all just waiting," Zayn starts.
"And then, Harry can lead him to an isolated spot. Promise him a blow job or something - don't give me that look Louis - and we can attack," Zayn finishes.
"Do you want Harry to die?" Louis asks. He hates the idea. He wants Harry to stay home in bed with Oscar and wear Louis' hoodie and watch movies. He'll be safe and then Louis can come home to him and tell him it's all over.
"You know I don't, Louis. He won't let you go and you won't let him go. Why don't both of you just stay here?" Zayn suggests. Niall snorts at the stupid suggestion and Louis gives him an incredulous look.
"Fuck that. I'm going. Harry, you're staying," Louis orders. He goes to jump off the counter and Harry lets him, but he has a frown on his face. 
"I think he should come," Liam offers his opinion. Louis turns on his heel and glares at the taller boy.
"No." he states firmly. 
"Louis, you can't keep him in the house all the time. He wants to come so let him. You know we won't let anything happen to him," Liam continues to argue.
"No! I clearly said no and I'm in charge. He will not come and nothing will change my mind. You can't be sure he'll be okay and if something happens I won't ever forgive myself. The answer is no," Louis shouts. They all flinch at his loud, angry voice and Harry looks down at his feet.
He really doesn't want Louis to leave him again. He can't handle Louis not coming home and the thought sickens him. He'd feel better even if he was just in the car close by. 
"Can I just be somewhere close with Niall? I just don't want you to get hurt and for me to be far away," Harry whispers. Everyone holds their breaths, waiting for Louis to yell again, but he doesn't. He moves forward and gently takes Harry's hand, leading him into the living room for privacy.
Louis pulls them to the far corner so the others can't hear them and he closes his eyes. Harry just patiently watches him, not wanting to disturb whatever thoughts are going through his head. 
"Harry, I just can't lose you. I just need you to be at home safe," Louis whispers out. Harry swallows and squeezes Louis' hand that still holds his.
"I'll be safe if I'm with Niall. I just want to be close because what if something happens again," Harry chokes out. Louis opens his eyes and can see the fear in Harry's.
"I'll be okay," Louis promises. Harry shakes his head. All he can think about is the heart shattering pain he felt when he saw Louis lying on the warehouse floor.
The pain of not being able to tell if he was still breathing and waiting to see if his surgery went as planned. It was all so hard and Harry felt like his whole world had fallen apart at the seams. He can't do that again.
"You can't promise me that, Louis. Please, just let me be close," Harry begs. Louis bites the inside of his cheek again and scans Harry's hurt face. He'd probably be the same way - if not worse - if Harry was the one that got shot.
"Fine, but don't come near the party unless you're told," Louis tells him. Harry nods his head jerkily and Louis pulls him close.
"And I will be okay. Don't cry over me, Harry," Louis says as he gently wipes away one of his stray tears. Harry leans down and pecks his lips quickly. Louis can taste the tears that coat Harry's lips and he feels so terrible for making the boy cry. Even if it wasn't exactly his fault.
He holds Harry close to him and the boy clings to him. Louis can feel a full ache start in his chest, but he doesn't pull away. He gently rocks them back and forth as Harry closes his eyes and relaxes into Louis' petit frame.
It's amazing how comforting it is to just be held by someone you care about. Harry just loves being held by Louis and he doesn't care how awkward it looks considering he's taller. He loves when Louis cuddles him and is gentle. 
"I'm going to bring you on a date when this is all over, okay?" Louis finally speaks. Harry pulls away so he can look into his face and he manages a small smile.
"Is that you asking me because that was terrible and you need to try again," Harry teases. Louis smiles fondly at him and leans his forehead against his.
"Will you do me the honor of going on a date with me after I kill your ex?" Louis asks sweetly. Harry laughs and closes the space between them, kissing Louis lovingly.
"I'd love that," Harry smiles happily. 
"I see you guys worked everything out," Niall muses as he walks into the room. He flops down on the couch and turns on the television, sandwich in hand. 
Louis hums in agreement and both boys walk over to the couch. Harry sits down and Louis sits on top of him, curling himself up so he can watch Harry instead of the whatever show is on.
"I thought you were tired of my pretty face?" Harry smirks down at him. Louis just shrugs, but doesn't turn away.
"You were right, I can never get tired of your pretty face," Louis tells him and Harry blushes. Niall groans and grabs a pillow next to him, hitting Louis in the face.
"You're actually disgusting. Please, go somewhere else with all your sappiness," Niall complains. Louis just laughs and turns away to look at the television. His thoughts are occupied with everything that needs to be done.
He knows this time it will all end. This will be the final showdown and only one can win. Someone will die and honestly, he's not sure who.
"Are you nervous?" Niall asks. Louis turns to him and shrugs his shoulders. He doesn't really know how he feels right now.
"A little? I just don't want anything to go wrong," Louis admits. It's just the two of them in house at the moment. Harry went to his moms for lunch and the other two are out doing who knows what.
"Harry will be fine," Niall says. Louis shakes his head and sits down on his bed next to Niall. He leans against the headboard and relaxes.
"It's not just about him. I don't want anything to happen to any of you. I'd be just as upset if you got hurt, Niall," Louis tells him sincerely. He cares about his friends just as much as he cares about Harry. They just know how to defend themselves so he worries less about them.
"We'll all be okay. We're smart," Niall reassures. Louis looks at him and sighs. Niall is so optimistic. So happy and carefree. 
"I hope you're right. We just need to follow the plan and everything should be okay," Louis repeats. He's so anxious and he feels off. He can't put his finger on what is wrong, but something in his gut is telling him to be cautious.
"True. Are you happy to have the gauze and stitches off?" Niall changes the subject. Louis nods his head and smiles at the blonde haired boy.
"Fuck yeah. The scar isn't as bad as I thought it would be, which is a bonus," Louis grins. Niall sits up straighter and smiles sweetly.
"Can I see your scar? Please? I bet it looks so cool," Niall says excitedly. Louis snorts and rolls his eyes. He climbs off his bed again and walks over to his charging phone.
"It looks like yours," Louis tells him carelessly. He checks his phone and sees a cute message from Harry. He smiles without thinking and his fingers quickly type a message back.
"Stop texting your boyfriend and show me your scar!" Niall calls. Louis turns to him and chuckles.
"I'm not stripping for you," Louis says. Niall pouts and scoots further up the bed.
"Strip for me, Louis. I want you to be my personal hooker," Niall says, trying to sound seductive. Louis bursts into laughter instead and gently smacks the boy upside the head.
"Shut up, you little fucker. Do you want to order some pasta?" Louis asks. Niall jumps off the bed excitedly and pulls his phone out.
"You're paying!" he exclaims before he's talking to the people on the other line. He knows their order off by heart so Louis just has to pull out his wallet when the time comes.
They both walk down the stairs and chat aimlessly waiting for their food. Louis loves having just Niall home. It's refreshing to just sit an have a normal conversation with a friend. Niall is easy to talk to and Louis is thankful everyday to have Niall around. He just makes everything bright and happy.
The food arrives and Louis passes Niall the money so he can pay. Niall opens the door and pays for the food before stumbling back into the living room.
"Here ya go," he says as he passes a box to Louis. Louis takes it and opens it to reveal his spaghetti. They eat in peace and Liam and Zayn arrive while they're finishing up.
"Did you get us something?" Zayn asks when he smells the food. Niall shakes his head and Zayn pouts and walks over, grabbing some noodles out of Nialls container.
"Hey! Get your own food," Niall shouts. Zayn gives him an innocent look and flops down in between him and Louis.
"So, there's a party tonight. Apparently Brad is going," Liam says from his chair. Louis looks over at him and the bad feeling in his gut intensifies.
"I think we should go. He wouldn't expect us to strike so soon," Liam continues to talk. Louis bites his lip and looks down at his almost empty food container. 
"I don't know. I don't have a good feeling," Louis tells him. He really doesn't. He feels sick and he knows they should wait.
"It's perfect, Lou. Have some faith," Liam smiles. Louis shakes his head, but Liam is persistent. He really believes it's now or never.
The front door opens and Harry comes in, all smiles and cheeriness. He slips off his shoes and walks over to the boys, sitting on Louis' lap and kissing his cheek.
"Hey - are you okay?" Harry asks when he spots Louis' face. Louis blinks quickly and shrugs because he honestly doesn't know if he is.
"He doesn't think we should do the plan tonight," Liam fills him in. Harry looks from him to Louis and tilts his head.
"Why not?" he asks curiously. Louis absentmindedly slips his fingers under Harry's shirt and starts to trace small patterns on his smooth stomach.
"I have a bad feeling," Louis tells him softly. He feels stupid each time he says it. It's a terrible reason not to go, but it's the only one he has.
"If you have a bad feeling then maybe we shouldn't," Harry agrees with him. Louis gives him a thankful look, but Liam is already shaking his head.
"No. I feel like we should do it tonight. C'mon, Louis, nothing can go wrong," Liam tries to persuade him. Louis sighs and finally gives in. If he's the only one with the bad feeling then maybe it'll be fine.
"Okay. Tonight," Louis concludes. The boys all cheer and Liam tells Louis to go with him to get ready. Harry, Zayn and Niall remain in the living room.
"I still think we should use Harry as bait," Zayn says. 
"Louis said no," Niall says. He doesn't want to go against the plan. 
"So? It's brilliant and it'll save us time and energy. Just bring Harry in when Louis is distracted," Zayn tells him. Niall looks away and Harry looks up at Zayn.
"What if something goes wrong? The other two won't know," Harry says slowly.
"Nothing could go wrong. You just have to lead him away from everyone. It'll probably be safer for Louis," Zayn says, knowing that'll make Harry agree.
Zayn really believes this plan will work. Harry is the perfect bait and it'd be good to put him to use.
"I'll even give you a gun," Zayn throws in. Harry swallows and furrows his brow in thought. All he'd have to do is lead Brad away and that'd be so easy.
"Okay, you promise it'll work? It won't mess everything up right?" Harry confirms. Zayn nods his head enthusiastically and Niall watches the two skeptically. There is no way this can end well.
"I don't think we should do this," Niall tries to argue, but Zayn hushes him.
"Just make sure Harry gets him alone. If you sense danger step in. It'll be fine," Zayn smiles at him.
The plan was for Liam to take Nick and for Brad to spot Louis. He'd be drunk and obviously want to start a fight. Louis would just lead him away until they reached the clearing and there he'd kill him. This plan will just make things easier.
"I just have to bring him to the clearing?" Harry confirms.
"Yeah. The party is in the woods and they'll probably show us where they want to do it. Just bring him there and all will be fine," Zayn grins. Harry was told to stay away, but Zayn looks so hopeful and Harry wants to help.
"Okay. It all ends tonight," Harry grins. Zayn cheers to that and pats the boy on the back. Niall just looks down at his feet. 
Upstairs Louis and Liam have no idea about the plan change. They pack all their guns and extra supplies before bringing them down the stairs. They pile everything into the cars and then they all go and get ready for the party.
Louis is shirtless in his room when Harry walks in. Louis immediately tries to hide his scar, but it's useless because he has nothing to cover it with.
"Are you actually trying to hide yourself from me?" Harry asks. Louis turns around and finds a shirt, slipping it over his head.
"Maybe. You can't see the scar yet," Louis tells him. Harry walks towards him and gently slips his hands under Louis' thin shirt. 
"You know I think scars are hot," Harry tells him. Louis goes to move away, but Harry holds him close. He leans down and kisses Louis' cheek. 
It's the small gestures like that that make Louis fall for him more and more. He likes the simplicity of kissing someone's cheek or forehead. It's so innocent and yet it holds so many emotions. It's comforting and Louis dies every time Harry kisses him like that.
"I love you," - Louis whispers. Harry looks into his eyes and a fond smile is spread across his face. His eyes are such a clear green when he's this close.
"I love you too. Be safe tonight," Harry tells him. Louis goes on his tip toes and kisses Harry gently.
"I will be. Promise me you won't do anything stupid," Louis replies back. Harry feels this guilt consume him at those words. Can he promise him that? He doesn't feel like what he's going to do is stupid.
"I won't. Tonight it all ends," Harry whispers out. Louis swallows and nods, closing his eyes.
"Yeah. Tonight it all ends," Louis repeats. He takes a deep breath and then separates himself from Harry. They both walk out of the room and down the stairs to meet the others.
They're all ready to go and the bad feeling only intensifies as Louis drives down his street.
[Fairly gory.]
It's December, but the weather is never really cold around here. Louis always loves that. He wraps Harry in his sweater as he prepares to leave him, Zayn and Niall behind. 
Him and Liam are armed and prepared for a fight. Niall and Zayn are prepared to be called at anytime, but more importantly they're prepared for their own little plan.
Niall feels nervous and sick as he watches Louis and Liam talk. All he can think is that Zayn could possibly fuck everything up. Shouldn't they tell the other two about the plan?
"I actually think we should bring him here," Liam says, gesturing to where they're parked.
"We parked so far away from everyone and it makes it easier to clean everything up. Plus, the others will be here," Liam says. Louis slowly nods his head, but then stops.
"I'll bring him close to here. If he sees the cars he'll know the others will be nearby," Louis says. Liam quickly agrees with that and then he's walking towards the party. They have weed on them to make it seem like they came to sell. Selling on their territory is enough to cause a fight without all the drama added on.
"You'll be okay? Zayn, I think you should come with me or come after. That way you can see when we leave and text Niall," Louis offers last minute. Zayn nods, and Louis smiles at them. He places one last kiss on Harry's lips.
"I'll see you after," he promises and then he's walking through the thick woods. He can hear the laughter and chatter of the party and he follows the sound until he reaches the large clearing. 
A bonfire crackles in the center and college students sit around it, drinking and smoking. Louis discreetly moves through the crowd, his eyes looking for Brad. He spots Liam talking to some girls and he rolls his eyes at that. He knows Liam will do his job though.
Louis can feel people looking at him - their gazes questioning why he's here, on their side. He pays no attention to the curious on lookers and just keeps looking for the one person he came here for.
He walks closer to the group by the fire and that's where he spots Nick. Louis unnoticeably sneaks away from him and walks back over to Liam. He pulls the boy away from the girls and into a place more private.
"Nick is by the fire. I can't find Brad," Louis whispers. Liam's eyes flick over to the fire and they can both see Nick there. 
"Keep looking. I got Grimshaw," Liam tells him. Louis nods and watches as Liam makes his way over to the group. Louis turns away and continues on his hunt. 
People offer him beer and joints and Louis declines it all. It's frustrating him that he can't find Brad. It shouldn't be this hard. He scans the area again and finally spots the man.
He's near the edge and who he's talking to makes Louis feel sick. Harry is openly flirting with him and Louis watches as Harry nods his head to the clearing, away from the party.
Louis can only think of Zayns plan as he watches the two walk off. His feet start to quickly move across the uneven ground and he roughly shoves people.
Harry was supposed to stay away. Louis could fucking kill Zayn right now. Louis gets caught in a swarm of people and his heart thumps so hard it actually hurts. He needs to get to Harry. Right now.
He can't seem to move fast enough and his mind whirls with worry. The bad feeling in his gut grows more and more each passing second and he feels the need to vomit. He finally escapes the party and starts to make his way through the woods. He tries to be silent, but there's no way with how fast he's traveling.
He can hear people talking and his feet automatically start towards the sound. His heart thumps with each step and the closer he gets the more sick he feels. He finally gets close enough he can hear them and he stops to listen.
"You're not a clever group are you?" he can hear Brad chuckle. Louis' blood is boiling and he's trying so hard to remain somewhat calm.
"I spotted your little friend Liam instantly. I'm surprised you guys came without Louis. Get sick of him already?" Brad taunts. Louis raises his brows in shock. Brad doesn't know he's here. He starts to walk slowly towards them, making sure to keep quiet.
He walks close enough so that he can see into the clearing and Brad is holding a gun to Zayn. Zayn has his gun raised also and Niall is standing protectively in front of Harry. Louis silently thanks Niall for protecting him.
Louis pulls his gun out and steps into the clearing, pointing it at Brads head, he clicks it in place and smirks when Brad looks over at him.
"You know what I'm sick of? You," Louis says. There's thrashing in the woods that captures everyone's attention and he turns to see Liam holding Nick, gun pointed at his head.
"Now we're all here," Liam says. Louis rolls his eyes and trains them back on Brad. He knows if he shoots, Brad could easily pull the trigger and shoot Zayn. He needs to think this through.
Everyone is breathing heavily, not daring to move. Liam with his gun to Nick, Louis and Zayn both have Brad and Brad has Zayn. Louis flicks his eyes over to check on Harry quickly and the boy appears to be completely fine. He's standing close to Liam and Nick and Louis watches as Nick seems to move closer to him.
He hears a movement near Brad and his attention moves back to him. Every movement counts in situations like this. Every second is precious and you have to make the right moves at the right times.
There's a grunt and Louis turns and sees Liam doubled over. Nick is swift and quickly wraps his arms around Harrys neck, placing his own gun to his temple. Harry whimpers and Louis starts to move forward.
"Another step and I kill your friend," Brad speaks up. Louis freezes and looks back over to them.
"How hard is this for you? Let's play a game, Louis. You choose; Harry or Zayn. Your best friend, brother and worker or your boyfriend?" Brad chuckles. Louis looks between the two and swallows, this is sick.
"Or I could kill you. Would you sacrifice yourself for the two of them?" Brad asks. Louis keeps his gun trained on Brads head, but his attention keeps moving to Harry.
"Here's the real question; would any of them give themselves up for you? I bet if I offered each of them 10 grand they'd let you die," Brad continues to taunt. 
"No," Harry replies quickly. Brad laughs loudly at that and shakes his head.
"The little slut-"
"Don't call him that," Louis finally speaks. His voice is low and cold. He can feel everything in him about to snap.
"Why not? He is a little slut. He used to take my cock so well. Used to beg-"
"Shut the fuck up!" Louis screams. Everyone falls silent in shock at his outburst. Louis is breathing heavily and his feet slowly start to move closer to Harry. Brad doesn't say anything and now Louis has his gun pointed at Nick, Liam pointing at Brad.
"Can I ask you something, Tomlinson?" Brad asks.
"No. Shut the fuck up," Louis replies instantly.
"How does it feel being an orphan?" Brad randomly asks. Louis can feel his heart stop at the mention of that. Everyone knows he was a foster child, but no one ever brings it up. He refuses to reply.
"No answer? Interesting. You see, I'm sitting here, looking your friend in the eyes, prepared to kill him and I'm thinking; would he let me kill you instead?" Brad asks and Louis can hear the smirk in his voice.
"Because I bet you he would. He has a family unlike you. He probably would give you up like your own parents because you're fucking worthless. He'd let you die just like Marcus and Pat. They were going to kill you for money. That's how shitty you are," Brad tells him. 
Louis doesn't interrupt him and just let's him talk. The words circle his brain, but he refuses to let them hurt him. He won't let Brad get to him.
"I'd let you kill me before Louis. I'm not a coward and Louis is my brother until the very end," Zayn speaks up.
Brad makes a humming sound at that and Louis just continues to watch Nick. No one can really move without someone getting shot and it's a cluster fuck. Louis looks away and sees Niall inching towards Brad. They make quick eye contact and Louis looks down at Nialls gun and then shifts his eyes to Brad. He needs to knock him out.
"Be quick," Louis says. Nick gives him a questioning look and Louis lunges forward, knocking the boys to the ground. Harry squirms out and Louis rams his gun down onto Nicks face. He can hear a gun shot being fired, but he just continues to smash his gun into Nick. He can feel Nicks teeth shatter as he rams the butt of his gun at his mouth.
Nick isn't a quitter though and is able to flip them over. Louis holds onto his gun, but he can't do anything because Nick is punching his face. Louis can taste his own blood and he's trying to fight Nick off.
He moves the gun around until he can feel it rest against Nicks stomach. Louis pulls the trigger before Nick can react and it causes Nick to pause his punches from shock. Louis flips them over again and leans back, shooting Nick in the stomach again. 
Blood drips down Louis' face. He can tell his eyebrow is probably busted open, along with his lip. He slowly starts to stand and wipes at his face. It doesn't help because his hand is also covered in blood, just not his.
He turns and sees Brad lying limp on the ground. Niall is standing over him, Liam next to him. Louis looks and sees Zayn holding his side, blood seeping out. He goes to move towards him, but Nick - still alive - grabs Louis' ankle and causes him to lose his balance. He falls face first into the ground and he can feel Nick get on top of him, the metal of his gun resting against the back of his head.
"This would never have happened if you learned to not take things that aren't yours," Nick says. Louis clenches his eyes shut. This time he will die. There is nothing he can do about it.
There's a loud bang and then a dead weight falls on top of Louis. Blood his pouring onto him and his stomach clenches. He can feel someone lift Nick off him and Louis turns to see a bullet went through his head.
He looks at Liam, who picked up the body and nods his head, pushing his hair out of his face.
"Thanks, man," Louis says. Liam shakes his head and flicks his eyes to the left. Louis turns and sees Harry standing there, shaking and gun raised. Louis' eyes widen and he's running forward. He gently takes the gun from Harry's trembling fingers.
He wants to hold him, but he's covered in so much blood and Harry looks terrified. Louis tries to capture his attention by calling his name, but Harry just bends over and throws up all over Louis' shoes.
"Fuck. I'm so sorry," Harry finally speaks. His voice cracks and tears are falling down his face. Louis feels guilty, so guilty.
"Zayn, throw Nick in a bag, and double bag it. We're throwing him in the trunk. Niall, cover the car seats in plastic because we're not changing. Liam, tie up Brads body. I'm not done with him," Louis orders, but he doesn't take his eyes off Harry. He can hear them working behind him, but he tunes them out.
"Harry. Baby. Hey, look at me," Louis whispers softly. Harry's eyes meet his and then he's lunging forward, burying his face is Louis' neck.
"I killed him. Louis, oh my god," Harry sobs. Louis just wraps his arms around him and holds him tight. 
"I know. Fuck, you didn't have to do that," Louis mumbles. Harry hiccups and Louis can feel his tears soak his neck.
"He- he was going to kill you and I couldn't watch. I feel sick again," Harry tells him. He pulls away and empties his stomach, this time not on Louis' shoes.
"Lou, we have to go," Niall tells him. Louis just moves forward and gently picks up Harry. He carries the boy to the car and lies him down in the back seat. Louis climbs in the passenger seat.
"Nick is in Liam's trunk, Brad in ours. Where to?" Niall asks. Louis takes a second to process everything and he looks out his window to see the boys have basically covered everything up.
"The cliff. What happened with Brad and Zayn?" Louis asks. Niall starts the car and speeds away. Liam and Zayn stay close behind them.
"When you lunged so did I. I hit Brad, but he pulled the trigger so fast. It only grazed Zayn so he's not injured too badly. Once me and Brad were on the ground I whacked him a few times until he went limp," Niall explains. Louis nods and looks back to see Harry looking at him.
"Almost done, baby. We're almost done," Louis promises. His heart shatters at the empty look in Harrys eyes.
The trip takes about half hour, but soon they're at the cliff. Liam throws Nicks body off the tall rocks and they watch as it hits the water. Brad is lying on the ground. He's tied up with rope and duct tape also holds him secure.
Niall and Zayn take the plastic off the car sand start to prepare a bag for Brad. They throw Harry's bloodied clothes and shoes in it and let him change into clean clothes. The give him the Purex cloths and let him scrub down his body then they scrub the inside of both the cars.
Louis hears Brad stir and stands so he's looking down at him. Brad opens his eyes and can see Louis.
"Fuck," Brad mumbles out. He wiggles, trying to get out of the restraints, but it's no good.
"Got anything else to say, Brad? Any more games you want to play?" Louis asks. Brad doesn't move and Louis can feel all this rage pile up. Brad killed Sam. Brad made Harry kill someone. Brad raped and brutally beat Harry for years. Brad shot Louis, Zayn and Niall. 
Louis brings his gun up and shoots Brad right in the dick. Brad screams, but no one can hear him. Louis brings his foot back and kicks him in the stomach, making him scream louder.
"I'm going to kill you slowly. I want you to beg for your life," Louis seethes. He turns to Liam and sticks his hand out.
"Get me a knife," he orders. Liam silently walks to the car and grabs his knife. He comes back and places it in Louis' hand. Louis leans down and rips Brads shirt off his chest.
"This may hurt," Louis tells him. He digs the blade into his skin, but not enough to kill. He starts to drag it across Brads skin, making the man scream. Louis stands back when he's done and sees the word he craved into his skin; Mine. The blood drips down his chest, making the word horrifying.
"He's not your little toy anymore. He's mine and I'm so pissed off you kept trying to take him back," Louis tells him. Brad looks at him, fear filling his eyes.
"Say something, Bradley. You had such a mouth every other time," Louis says. Brad shakes his head, refusing to give in to Louis' demands. Louis kicks Brad, flipping him over. Once his face is pressed against the ground Louis stomps on the back of his head. You can hear the sound of his teeth breaking and Louis knows he also broke his nose and jaw.
He hears someone throw up and looks to see Niall leaning over the cliff, vomiting into the lake below.
Louis just turns back to Brad and flips him over again. His face is covered in blood and completely deformed. 
"Just kill him, Louis. Please," Niall begs from the cliff. Louis nods and straddles Brads bloodied, barely alive body.
"You should've never fucked with me," Louis spits and then he grabs Brads head and bashes it into the rock. He repeatedly does this until he's sure the man is dead. He stands and just looks down. Everything is red.
It's then that Louis gets sick. He throws up all over Brads dead body until nothing can come up except bile. It stings his throat and he gags yet again.
"It's done," Harry comforts him. He can feel him rub his back as he continues to dry heave. Finally he finishes and he turns to see them all looking at him. They all look sickly white and Zayn looks to be in pain.
"Let's clean this up and go home," Louis says softly. They place brad into the bag prepared and throw Louis' clothes in as well. He scrubs at his body once the clothes are off him and he's never been happier to put on clean clothes. It takes them awhile to clean up the blood and vomit on the rock, but eventually all traces of this night are gone.
"Done." Louis breathes. It's then that it really hits him and he looks at his friends. All alive and accounted for. He feels this sudden wave of emotion and he turns to Harry wrapping the boy in his arms. Harry clings to him and Louis is so relived. 
Harry is okay. Zayn is okay. Liam is okay. Niall is okay. Everything is fine.
"I'm tired," Harry whispers. Louis nods and leads them to the car. He gets in the back with Harry and lets the boy sleep on his shoulder the whole drive home. The car is silent and it's really late when they arrive back at their house.
Louis lifts Harry up and carries him into the house. He goes up the stairs and places him in bed, kissing his forehead. He walks back down and sees the boys all just sitting, no one talking.
"That was eventful," Liam finally breaks the silence. They all just nod in agreement.
"Can we not do that again for awhile?" Zayn also speaks.
"Can we just not do that again period?" Niall replies. 
"I'm with Niall. No more gang fights," Louis says. Liam looks over the chair at him and gives him a look.
"This was all for him. Was he worth all that?" Liam asks seriously. 
Louis thinks about the sleeping boy upstairs. He thinks about the cute way he giggles and the dimples in his cheeks. The way he can effortlessly make Louis' heart beat fast and how he seems to be his only sense of comfort. He thinks about how much he genuinely loves him and how Harry loves him back. How Harry can make him feel so loved when no one else in his life could.
"He's worth everything," Louis replies.
It wasn't unusual now to be awoken by Harrys terrified screams. It happened less as the month went on, but it still happened. 
Louis is up instantly and he pulls the scared boy in his arms, letting him nuzzle his nose into his bare chest. He stopped being self conscious of his scar around Harry.
"Hey, it's okay. I'm right here, lovely," Louis coos into his hair. He gently stokes his curls and he can feel Harry clinging to him so tight it almost hurts.
"You're safe. I'm right here," Louis tells him again. He kisses the top of Harry's head and Harry sniffles and hiccups, but slowly starts to calm himself down.
The dreams are all of the final night. Sometimes it's of Louis actually dying, sometimes it's of Zayn dying. Sometimes, even just the replay of the night is his dream and that's enough to scare him. He's haunted by the bloody images and the bang of the gun, watching as Nick falls. His first and last kill.
"Louis?" Harry hiccups in his chest. Louis squeezes him gently, nodding his head.
"Right here. It was just a dream, baby," Louis reassures him. Harry nods and relaxes in the protection of Louis' arms. He places a small kiss over Louis' scar and closes his eyes again.
"Sorry for waking you up," Harry whispers. It's the same apology every night and it breaks Louis' heart. He isn't upset with him in the slightest, all he is is concerned.
"You know I don't mind. Just go back to sleep, H. I love you," Louis promises. Harry sighs happily into his chest and a small smile forms on his face. He'll never get tired of hearing Louis say that.
"I love you too. So much," Harry sleepily mumbles. Louis smiles fondly at the cute yawn that escapes Harrys lips before he falls back asleep. Louis takes longer to drift off, but when he does it's peaceful.
They both awake to the sunlight trying to burst through Louis curtains and the sound of Oscar clawing at their door. Louis groans and shoves his face in a pillow while Harry lets the poor dog in.
"It's New Years Eve, Louis," Harry cheers happily, not even sounding the littlest bit tired. 
"I know. Do you want to go clubbing tonight? We don't have to," Louis says. He lifts his head and smiles at Harry in a mischievous way. Harry raises his brows and crosses his arm.
"What else would we do?" Harry asks curiously. Louis' smile grows and he shrugs his shoulders knowingly.
"I don't know. I owe you a date," Louis says casually. Harry tries to fight off a happy smile because Louis actually remembered.
"You do. Everything closes early though or it'll be so busy," Harry points out. Louis sits up and stretches his arms over his head. Harry can see the muscles in his chest and the small scar by his heart. Harry kind of loves his scar. He loves placing little kisses on it at night.
"Not where I'm taking you. Trust me," Louis grins. 
"Everywhere is busy tonight. If I have to watch a bunch of girls flirt with you-"
"Trust me, Harold," Louis interrupts, laughing at how upset Harry got at just the idea of people flirting with him.
"Can I kiss you at midnight?" Harry asks shyly. Louis gives him a confused look and nods his head slowly.
"Yeah? Who else would I kiss?" Louis asks him back. Harry just shrugs and sighs.
"I don't know. I've been declined New Years kisses so I just wanted to ask," Harry replies, his cheeks turning pink. Louis jumps out of bed and walks over to Harry.
"You can kiss me before midnight," - Louis grins, leaning up to kiss him - "At midnight," - another kiss - "and after midnight," - Louis finishes, kissing him longer this time. Harry smiles into the kiss and pulls away when he feels Oscar trying to get between them.
"He gets so jealous whenever I'm with you," Louis pouts, watching as Harry leans down to pay attention to the dog. 
"You get so jealous whenever I'm with him," Harry teases him. Louis continues to pout down at Harry which makes the boy laugh and he stands back up to kiss Louis' awaiting lips.
"So you promise you'll kiss me? Not some drunk, horny girl?" Harry asks when he pulls away and Louis rolls his eyes and moves away from him.
"I promise. Only you, Harry," - Louis smiles at him - "I'm going to shower, make me breakfast!" and with that he shuts the washroom door, giving Harry a sweet smile.
He strips down and turns on his shower. He enters and lets the water run over his skin. He really hopes Harry likes his idea for tonight. Louis already did the expensive dinner and he doesn't want to do something cliche. He wants it to be special.
All he can think is Harry deserves something wonderful. Harry - who's saved his life in every way - deserves the world. Louis, of course cannot give him that, but he can give him little things that he hopes show his affections.
Louis rinses the soap off his body and out of his hair. He shuts off the water and steps out of the shower. He quickly dries his body and enters his room, throwing on a quick outfit, which consists of Harry's shirt.
He shuffles out of his room and enters the kitchen. Harry is actually leaning over the stove, making him bacon and Louis walks up behind him, snaking his arms around his waist.
"You look so cute cooking," He tells him happily. He can feel Harry's chest move as he chuckles and he carefully turns in Louis' arms.
"I feel like you tell everyone that cooks for you that," Harry tells him. Louis smirks and shrugs his shoulders.
"Maybe, but you're definitely the cutest," Louis assures him. Harry snorts and turns back around to the food. Louis lets go of him and sits at the counter. His feet swing from the stool and he hums his own tune.
"Do the others know we're going on a date?" Harry asks as he places the bacon on a plate. There's also eggs and Louis thankfully takes the plate from Harry's hands.
"Yeah. I have this all planned," Louis grins around a piece of bacon. Harry leans across the counter and steals a piece of Louis' plate, munching it contently.
"What if I wanted to go clubbing?" Harry asks him. Louis did offer to take him out earlier.
"I would have said okay and then brought you to my date."
"You'd have lied?"
"It would've been a good lie!" Louis objects. Harry shakes his head and stands straight.
"Okay. I'm going to shower now," Harry tells him. Louis gives him a small wave and watches as he walks out of the room. He finishes eating and then goes and places his dishes in the dishwasher.
"Hey, Lou. Excited for tonight?" Zayn asks as he walks in. The area where the bullet grazed his skin is healed, but you can see the tiny scar if you look closely.
"Yeah... You think he'll like it?" Louis worries. Zayn moves past him and to the coffee maker. He pours himself a mug and then turns back to Louis.
"I think he will," Zayn tells him sincerely. Louis nods and bites his lip. Zayn just moves forward and pats his back.
"He'll love it. Me and the boys have everything set up for you. You just have to get him there," Zayn promises. Louis pulls Zayn in a hug suddenly and Zayn is shocked but returns it.
"You guys are the best. What would I do without you?" Louis asks. They pull away and Zayn shrugs his shoulders.
"You'd probably be dead," Zayn tells him. Louis laughs, but nods his head in agreement.
Harry comes down shortly after and so do the other two. They all spend the day lounging around and preparing for the night of fun. 
At seven Zayn, Niall and Liam all leave with quick goodbyes. Louis knows they'll all probably bring a girl home or go home with a girl tonight. He just tells them to be safe and watches as the all climb into Zayns sleek black car.
"When are we leaving?" Harry asks excitedly. Louis won't tell him where they're going and it's killing him. He really wants to know.
"Soon. Probably at 8," Louis tells him. He really wants to tell Harry, but he wants it to be a surprise. He even has a blindfold for him.
"Where are we going?" Harry asks for the millionth time. Louis just shakes his head and smiles.
"You'll find out soon."
At eight they do leave and Louis makes sure to feed the dogs and lock all the doors. Harry is practically bouncing in his seat and Louis is so nervous. Harry could hate this.
They drive downtown and Harry turns to him in confusion. People litter the streets already and Louis is happy he decided to do the date tonight. He parks by the boardwalk and gets out of the car. Harry gets out too and looks at him in confusion.
"Why are we here?" He asks. The only thing here are restaurants and he doesn't think Louis is bringing him to a restaurant. Louis' smile grows and he walks towards Harry.
"It's a surprise. Do you trust me?" Louis asks seriously. Harry furrows his brow.
"Yes," he replies instantly. Louis smiles big and then reaches into his back pocket, pulling out a blindfold.
"Good. Put this on," he instructs. Harry carefully takes it in his hand and then looks at Louis. He shakes his head.
"No. I'm not doing that," Harry says. Louis pouts.
"Harry! Don't ruin this," Louis whines. Harry just gives it back to him and Louis huffs.
"Fine. Whatever. Ruin my fun," Louis continues to complain. He takes Harry's hand nonetheless and locks his car. Louis swings their hands happily as he leads him down the boardwalk and Harry looks around.
He's always loved the boardwalk. The smell of the ocean, the pretty lights and old buildings. It is so beautiful.
Louis makes an excited sound and places his hands over Harrys eyes. Harry groans, but let's Louis lead him blindly the rest of the way. Louis turns him and then stops. He removes his hands and Harry stares in shock.
There's a large boat sitting in the ocean. Twinkling lights decorating it and there's a small picnic set up. Harry looks from the boat to Louis and then back to the boat.
"I thought we could go out and watch the fireworks? And then I have a room reserved at the hotel down the street," Louis says carefully. Harry is still looking at the pretty boat.
"Okay. Can I go on the boat?" he asks. Louis laughs and moves in front of him. He steps onto the boat and reaches his hands out. Harry blushes and takes his hands, letting Louis help him.
"You're so perfect," Harry tells him when his feet are firmly on the boat. Louis just kisses him, his eyes shining with happiness.
"I'm not even close to perfect, but I like that you think I am," Louis whispers against his lips. Harry presses their lips together again because he just loves kissing Louis.
"Sorry, baby, but I need to drive the boat," Louis says when he pulls away. Harry just goes and sits where the food is set up. 
Louis unties the boat from the pier and jumps back on. Louis walks to the front and sits down behind the wheel. He starts the boat up and Harry moves up so he's next to him. They go so they're far away from other people, but can still see the city in the distance. 
The moon shines on the water beautifully and the city lights seem to highlight it. Louis brings Harry back out to the main area and they both sit down and start to eat.
Harry feeds Louis grapes and Louis throws them at Harry. There's a bottle on wine sitting in the center and Harry picks it up.
"It's the wine you drank on our first date," Louis tells him. Harry looks up and smiles softly. Louis' hair is swept to the side, his eyes light and his smile happy. 
"I liked it," Harry approves. Louis laughs and takes the bottle, pouring some for Harry.
"I know. You drank half the bottle and then told me I was pretty," Louis reminds him. Harry blushes again - just like he always used to do with Louis - and hides his face.
"That was bad. You are pretty though. So pretty and all mine," Harry says with pride. He leans over and captures Louis' lips with his. Louis chuckles when he pulls away and gives him a curious look.
"You're full of kisses today," Louis remarks. Harry shrugs and takes the wine glass.
"I like kissing you. Should I stop?" he asks worriedly. Louis shakes his head and leans forward to peck Harrys lips.
"No. You can kiss me forever," Louis tells him. Harry places his wine glass down and crawls over so he's in Louis' lap. Their lips meet in the middle and they kiss feverishly. 
Louis moves his hands up Harry's shirt and feels his soft skin. Harry's hands just tug at Louis' shirt and Louis pulls away so Harry can take it off. Harry admires Louis' bare chest and he can see the small hickey on his collar bone that Harry gave him the other night.
Louis brings his hands up and his thumb runs over Harry's cheek. Harry licks his lips and looks into Louis' clear blue eyes. So pretty and sincere and full of love. He only looks at Harry like this.
Harry can feel his heart beat fast the more he looks at Louis. Everything about Louis makes him feel incredible. Just a smile from Louis can brighten Harry's whole day.
"I love you," Harry tells him.
"I know. I love you too," Louis tells him, leaning forward to kiss him again. Harry moves his head and looks at Louis seriously.
"No, like I really love you. I am helplessly in love with you, Louis Tomlinson. I want to marry you one day and have a family. I want to grow old with you and I want you to look at me like you look at me right now. I want you forever and I just really love you," Harry rushes out. Louis looks at him for a long moment, not saying anything.
"Harry Tomlinson," Louis mumbles out, playing with Harry's curls. He seems to focus back in and zone in on Harry. 
"I can't imagine a life without you, Harry. If you want to get married one day, I'd be honored to be your husband. You're mine forever and I'm yours," Louis tells him. Harry moves and nuzzles into Louis' neck. He realizes then that Louis is still shirtless. He grabs his shirt and gently slips it over Louis' head, which makes him chuckle.
"I want to cuddle now. I think I'm almost ready to like... Do other stuff though," Harry whispers. Louis holds him to his chest and smells the familiar scent of Harry.
"I'm ready when you are. There's no rush," Louis promises. He wants to have a sexual relationship with Harry, but he knows it's hard for him. He understands that being abused for so long affects people and he refuses to rush him.
"I know. I just feel like maybe you'll get tired of waiting..." Harry trails off. Louis lifts Harry off him so he can look into his face.
"I will wait for another five months if I have to. You're not comfortable - which is understandable - and I'm not going to force you to be. I'm also not going to go and fuck other people. I'll wait for you and it'll be special," Louis promises him. Harry nods and moves so his head is back on Louis' chest.
They sit like that happily. Harry plays with Louis' fingers and occasionally one of them talks, but it's peaceful. The sound of waves hitting the boat and the buzz of city life. Louis pulls out his phone and they do the countdown to midnight.
When midnight comes, fireworks light the sky and Louis kisses Harry. He kisses him sweetly and perfectly and Harry can feel himself falling more in love with the boy.
The fireworks continue to light up the sky and Harry watches them in awe. Louis just leans down and kisses his cheek and neck.
"Happy New Year, baby. I love you so fucking much. This year will be good," Louis tells him. Harry giggles and turns in Louis' warm arms.
"No more big fights?" Harry asks. Louis smiles at him and shrugs.
"I can't promise that, but I can promise if there is I'll keep you safe," Louis whispers. Harry nods and kisses Louis' lips again.
"Okay. Promise you'll keep safe?" Harry asks. 
"I can promise I'll try."
Harry accepts the answer and falls back into Louis' arms. The warm air clings to their skin and Harry closes his eyes in content. He's with Louis and they're both safe.
Louis thinks about how he used to watch Harry and how he only wanted him to get back at Brad. Harry was this big game, but he came into Louis' life and saved him. He gave him something to hold onto and Louis won the day Harry got into his car instead of Brads. He wins everyday he wakes up next to Harry.
Louis runs his fingers through Harry's hair and Harry looks up at him, a sleepy smile on his face. Louis returns it and places a small kiss on Harrys forehead.
"Thank you for tonight," Harry breathes out. 
"Thank you for not leaving," Louis replies. Harry just intertwines their fingers.
"I'm yours. I'll never leave," Harry promises.
And under the bright stars on the first day of the new year Louis believes him. He can see his whole life with Harry flash before his eyes. He finally has what he wanted his whole life; someone that loves him. 
And that someone is Harry Styles. The boy he couldn't have, but stole the heart of anyways.
The End.
